I think that the project, exam, and paper were all appropriate methods of evaluation. I think the midterm wasn\'t very useful. I would have rather had quizzes. Midterm, short lab assignments, final project with poster, presentation, and paper. Test was fair. The rest was great The mix of evaluative methods (papers, assignments, poster, tests) was good for reinforcing the central concepts of the course! There should be a way to grade students appropriately in the event that they do not contribute to group projects. Workload seemed fair and comprehensive midterm exam was fine; I wished we spent more time reviewing before the exam there was only one test which was problematic in terms of having opportunities to learn and grow within the course I didn\'t like the midterm structure.  It was hard to study without much information about what we were supposed to know.  There were so many studies and useless information for the exam that I studied that were not necessary and I really appreciated the way the TAs had us do practice labs (method/results/discussion section), but I question how the midterm really contributed to my learning experience/ability to conduct my own lab. One midterm, final paper, group project poster presentation, effort, lab writeups Quality of TA\'s varied DRASTICALLY, which matters a lot when they\'re grading half the class!!! My TA (Liwei) wasn\'t bad exactly, but just disengaged and unhelpful. He was extremely critical and harsh about the poster presentations, which felt unfair when he had been completely absent in teaching us how to prepare one. Same for the paper - after my experience with the poster, I was really afraid of what his grading expectations would be for a paper I was NEVER TAUGHT HOW TO WRITE The exam was fair and covered most of the textbook material. The objectives of the first half of the class were very unclear. I found the exam to be a poor testing tool and reflection of what the lectures and lab sessions had been like. The lab write ups were very helpful and provided great practice for constructing the final paper. The way students are graded in psych 11 needs to change - Liwei took off 13 points for font and italics on one of my and my classmate\'s lab reports, which is insane. The midterm was ridiculous. Not at all representative of what the class really emphasizes and ended up putting me at a disadvantage for the rest of the term. We had a midterm, multiple labs, a project poster for our final group experiment, a final paper detailing our experiment, and lab/lecture attendance. exams did not test in-class material worksheets were helpful for receiving feedback for someone who read the entire text book and all the other readings, went to every class, and put a great deal of studying in for the midterm i do not think it was a fair exam. many of the questions were unnecessarily nit picky and tricky. Good. Great structure I found the mixture between lecture and labs (hands-on activities) to be beneficial to getting experience in experimental psychology. I think the mix between lecture and discussion worked well. If possible, condense testing. Not sure how to do this, maybe run the class on Tuesday/Thursday? Course probably does not need to be MWF, it can be T/Th with the x-hour used when necessary. Lecture for the first half of the term, independent research projects for the second half of the term. few lectures; mostly labs lectures were very boring, labs were fun that was good Don\'t even bother with the lectures if you\'re not going to fairly test them. Professor basically just regurgitated textbook information and then tested on whatever he felt like. Liwei\'s (TA) lectures were as unbelievably boring, he did not care about engaging us or making sure we understood what was being taught or what was expected of us. I cannot emphasize how disappointed I was in this course. I appreciated the balance of lectures and TA classes and labs I really enjoyed the mixture of lab ad lecture. The course was completely taught by TAs .... have never experienced this at Dartmouth The lectures, lab, and small-group lecture mix was very helpful in getting both high-level and in-depth overviews of the material. The structure of this class was very frustrating, I felt we would have benefited greatly from more lectures. There was a good balance. one lecture per week with other class times used for lab sections the professor put very little effort into teaching this course and left most of it for the tas to do. instead of having them, who mostly did not speak english, try to explain how to write a scientific paper he should have been the one in class doing so. I didn\'t really learn much that I didn\'t know but it helped me learn how to create and follow through with an experiment. I found this a useful part of my psych major. I know how to write a formal psych experiment report now! It made me interested in the research side of psychology and improved my scientific writing skills and ability to make a professional-looking poster. Positively. Great course. Provided valuable insight into how to design, conduct, and present psychological research. Conducting the final psychology experiment was one of the most awesome hands-on research experiences I\'ve carried out at Dartmouth. I am finished with my Psychology major! This class was really fun b/c I conducted my very first psychological experiment! I enjoyed focusing on one study and fully testing it I had never been exposed to research before but now have a greater appreciation for it! I was disappointed in the overall quality of this course as I did not feel it prepared me very well moving forward, especially considering it is required for the major. Liked it This course made me resent the Psychology Department requirements at Dartmouth. If you are going to make me take this class as a Psych major, requiring full tuition, at least make it worth while. Make lectures engaging, at least pretend to care about the class, and don\'t screw students over grade wise. n/a needed for my major. just glad that it is over.This class is alright. 1 stats review quiz (75% or over = 100%), 2 tests, in class and HW exercises, 2 lab reports, and final research project/report. Overall, not a crazy amount of work/the workload is not a lot at all. However, this class is TOUGH to get an A in - have to get 670/700 points which is about a 96%. That being said, not that difficult to do fine. Ended up with a B+ without going above and beyond. This was definitely not one of the best classes at Dartmouth, but also not one of the worst. It consisted of basically a statistics test, two multiple choice tests that were based off chapters in the textbook, and a couple lab reports and a final research project. If you read the textbook for the tests, you should basically be fine. Her lectures on it were not that helpful so would definitely recommend that. Also, for the research project, make sure you choose something that is easy to test/sample--you don\'t want to be scrambling around trying to find participants for your study. I\'d recommend doing it in the form of an online study--it\'s so much easier on you. Course: This course is a requirement for the major - I wish they could make it more interesting though. The way Norris did it, the first half is lectures where a lot of the material is review of Psyc 10 and Psyc 1 stuff. Then there is data collection for the experiment you\'ll be conducting(which took WAY too long) and the last section, which is compressed into 1 and a half weeks, is analyzing your results, presenting them, and writing your paper - all of which amounts to roughly 50% of your grade. Though it\'s a lab credit which actually doesn\'t involve extra hours, I wish data collection had been done in a \'lab\' section like other classes have, because that would have given me WAY more time for my poster presentation and paper. Professor: Professor Norris is really nice and easy to talk to. She\'s really helpful with setting up the experiment - although I wish our group members\' suggestions had been taken into account more. It kind of felt like the prof and the TA completely took over structuring our experiment. Also, most of your work is overseen by the TA so you don\'t see Prof Norris much. Your grade also depends on your TA. Workload: The workload for this class was pretty easy. In the beginning it\'s not much, although later it kind of punches you in the face, when the paper and the presentation come up. The last week or so really interfered with my other classes because I\'d gotten used to that level of work from Psyc 11. Course: The course itself is very useful for anyone who intends to perform social science research. Professor: Professor Duchaine only taught about the first third of the course. The quality of the TA really depends on which one is assigned to your group. Workload: The workload was on the light side, although the final project can take quite a bit of time.