Class was reallty interesting and Maue is a great teacher....and extremely nice. For the most part, the course was great. Maue is an engaging lecturer, and he presents the material very clearly. Some people may find that the class is too molecularly-focused for them, but I didn\'t; I found the material to be very interesting. The one problem I had with the course was the tests - the questions focused on minutiae and encouraged nothing more than memorization. With the material this course covers, it\'s tough to write a test that requires critical thinking. Often times, profs who try will just wind up writing confusing exams. Still, I wish Maue had tried a little harder to make us think on his tests. But the tests certainly aren\'t enough to make me dislike the course. On the whole, it was great. This has been one of my favorite classes at Dartmouth so far. The information is incredibly detailed, and extensively covers processes on the cellular and genetic levels (as one would expect). At the same time, the perspective on the topics is not lost. We learned detailed cellular processes for things such as neurotoxins, Alzheimer\'s disease, Parkinson\'s disease, and other interesting topics. Information was super relevant - we would read papers that were published several months ago. It was fascinating to see what was going on currently in neuroscience research, and how cellular processes can cause some of the things we hear about so often in every day life. I loved this class, but it also gave me the worst grade of my Dartmouth career so far, because I literally failed the first test. You have to study very hard, and MEMORIZE DETAILS, if you want to be successful. There was no book, and we read mostly primary literature posted on Blackboard. For the most part it was not bad, and it was interesting material. Just make sure you study hard for the two midterms and the (non-cumulative) final! Awesome class, but also the hardest I\'ve ever taken, by far. Maue is a great guy and definitely knows his stuff, but tends to go too fast through the lectures. Also, in his lectures he includes a lot of extra information that is interesting but even harder to follow. He tends to develop specific points before really explaining what he\'s talking about, making those points hard to grasp until he\'s already moved past them. That said, he was great during office hours and provided readings that helped a lot. I would definitely recommend the class - it was one of the most interesting classes I\'ve ever taken - but if you do be prepared to do a lot of extra work to keep up. This was the first year this course has been offered and Dr. Maue is the perfect professor for it. He has a diverse background of experience in the field and does an amazing job of inspiring interest in the subject. The course does end up being fairly detail-oriented but this is nothing new to anyone who has taken Psyc 6 and Bio 12. The great thing about this course is that it ties the other two together very well while focusing on the central nervous system. Dr. Maue is a very effective lecturer and the readings he passes out parallel the lectures very well. The course had three tests (non-cumulative final) worth 33% each. They were given during class so time became an issue in finishing them, but once again, his testing style is very fair. Dr. Maue is an extremely likable guy who is more than willing to help you learn the material.