tests (each 30 multiple choice) and 1 semi-cumulative final (45 multiple choice). supposed to read the textbook each night to prepare for the next days class. i only ever read it in the few days leaving up to the exam and have a solid A so I did not find the workload difficult. 4 Exams - 25% All multiple choice tests are tough All of the tests were multiple choice which has its pluses and minuses. Sometimes I wish I could explain my thinking on some of the questions to show that I know the material All tests As someone who is not a strong test-taker, but better at effort-applied activities (papers, projects, presentations, etc.) I found the exam-exclusive style very challenging, despite my great deal of interest and effort in the class. Evaluation was sometimes unclear in terms of what was expected to know. Four exams cramps too much information into each test, too few questions made grades too easily lowered. Extra credit should be gained through review packets. Good Good number of exams, multiple choice questions were sometimes unclear I don\'t like two-stage tests. I think it\'s unfair sometimes and can cause stress to students after the tests. I don\'t think MC tests are the best method of evaluating how well the material has been learned.  However, I think they are the only realistic evaluation method for grading purposes. I enjoyed the way the exams were separated into an individual and group phase, and I think the professors should continue using this method in the future. It allows the students to bump up their score by a bit and encourages communication and cooperation within class members. I found the psych tests to be somewhat not reflective of what I knew. Most of the questions that I got wrong were not because I didn’t know the content, but rather because the question or the answers were worded in a confusing manner. I also felt as though the tests did not reflect what they wanted us to really take away from the course or remember six months from now.  I thought the two-stage exams were really useful in learning from peers and working together. I like that it’s only exams I like that set up of the tests, but I think we could have more projects. I like the group component of the exams. I dislike the number of questions due to the fact that I don\'t believe they can always accurately show my knowledge because I would study extensively, then get stuck choosing between two answers on a multiple choice question, change my answer last minute, and if I do that 8 times that\'s already close to a 70%. It\'s very frustrating. I liked the multiple choice tests. I liked the tests in this class. I thought they were fair I liked the tests, but the group was sometimes mixed. A curve would\'ve been better than the group test sometimes. I love how there are only tests that we have to worry over. Workload is honestly not high, just make sure to read the chapters. I loved the method for the exams. I think the dual test was good and helped students understand what questions they didn’t know when it is fresh in their mind. I think the tests were pretty fair. I think the workload overall was manageable. I think that it was a little unfair when the exams would have information not covered in class but was only in the textbook as the textbook has so much information it is hard to know what to study. I think the workload was fine I think they were fine. Tests did cover a good amount of material but I do understand that this is an intro course. I thought that all of the examinations were fair evaluations of our knowledge. I thought the group test portion of evaluations was very helpful and effective I thought the workload was manageable, but overwhelming at times. I was very satisfied with the current method of evaluation chosen by the instructor. It can be a bit difficult to discern what students should be placing emphasis on and studying. It was a decent amount of reading, but the material was interesting, and I think that tests were the best way to assess our understanding of the material for this course. Multiple Choice test Multiple choice tests require understanding of information from class and the textbook, and there is a good amount of reading required. Multiple choice tests. Not a huge workload once you realize textbook is hardly tested on. N/A Our evaluations were exam based, most of which seemed to concentrate on what was discussed in class even though the entire textbook was supposed to be fair game which made studying and preparing for exams pretty stressful because I felt that I was doing a lot of extra work without knowing if it would benefit my grade. Questions were often wordy and were set out to unfairly trick test takers. They were alot of ambivalent answers. Also, the grading for this class is brutal; as one question will drop you down multiple percent. It is often discouraging to get most of the questions right but still end up with a B+. Seems fair Testing was a shortfall of this course. Questions were pretty fair but writing/wording errors led to re-grading of every exam. Final exam was particularly egregious -- 3 or 4 questions altered from the test with one being altered half-way through the examination Tests fairly assessed our knowledge of the material, and the workload was as expected. Tests were appropriate for introductory class Tests were fair. Tests were right method but Tests did not test understanding rather than ability to parrot back information you had heard or read Tests were the only evaluation method, but I found the tests to be quite boring and not good assessments of our critical thinking.  They were multiple choice exams that were essentially based on memorization, and not on true attention to and understanding of the material.  I\'d prefer papers or short answer questions to be included in the course assessments. Tests were very effective but 30 questions didn\'t seem like enough for the reading Tests were very fair and required a lot of studying The 2 step testing process was really nice and I appreciated having that second chance to not only better my score but also to speak with other students in the class and possibly learn more through discussion. The exams require that students know a lot of information and I think it is too much. I think we should have little quizzes at least once a week as well. Also, if the Profs could provide a better answer than Everything is fair game on the exam that would be helpful. The exams were a good reflection of our knowledge. The textbook was sometimes boring to read, but overall was fine. The exams were generally fair but they covered a lot of material, so it was difficult to learn everything. They were also short so a few wrong answers had a big impact on your grade. The format of the tests was great. Wish the final had been more cumulative. Loved group tests to talk about the test and get kind of excited about the material with other students The method is reasonable. I don\'t think there could be a different method given the number of students. The methods of evaluation -- multiple choice exams -- were appropriate and well spaced out. The amount of material on the exams seemed fair and appropriate. The workload was appropriate as well. The methods of evaluation were fair. The multiple choice exam style puts a lot of pressure in four sittings. Although the group portion mitigates some of the reliance on individual performs at a partcular time, it may not be the best method of evaluation for the many people. The multiple choice exams could definitely have been longer, as it would give students a better opportunity to show their knowledge. The multiple choice tests were often difficult to study for because they covered such a broad range of material but overall were fair. It would be helpful to give mini practice tests before each test to gauge knowledge on the chapters. The only evaluation method used was tests. The workload and amount of information required to be learned before tests is immense and challenging (mainly because of the textbook) but on a night-to-night basis was manageable. The only method of evaluation were exams which weren\'t something that I was fond of because there were only four and all they tested were memory of the course material.  The only type of assessments we had were tests and there weren\'t that many. This was kind of frustrating because it gives us little room for error on the exams. The tests went well and were relevant to lectures and textbook reading.  I don\'t think there\'s any other appropriate way to evaluate student understanding because it was an intro-level class. The tests were fine, but I would have loved to have had homework assignments interspersed even if they were just canvas quizzes to sty on top of the material and practice the testing format The tests were primarily lecture based, sometimes confusing how to study because textbook and lectures talked about different concepts. The tests were really hard and unexpected. The textbook reading should be looked at. Maybe only choose3 necessary sections and tell us which to look at? Otherwise the class was manageable. The two-part tests were effective in facilitating discussion. The workload seems minimal, but I enjoy the mix of individual and group multiple choice tests. The workload was manageable and fair. There are four different tests. It is expected for the students to understand very well everything that is learned during the lectures and for us to be able to apply what we learned into hypothetical situations. The tests go into specific information but it is manageable. There were four exams. There were thirty multiple choice questions, and after the individual exam we took a group exam. There were only exams, they covered appropriate material There were only huge exams so it was a bit stressful. Also having to go in to see them and what we got wrong. This class requires a significant amount of reading, self-teaching, and studying outside of class.  However, I thought the exams were fair for the most part, and the professors were good about giving credit for multiple answers or scrapping questions if they recognized that certain questions weren\'t clear. This course evaluates students through the use of three midterms and one cumulative final exam, all of which consist of multiple-choice questions. Outside of textbook readings, no other work is required, although students are recommended to avail themselves of T-point opportunities, in which volunteering as a research participant allows one to amass up to eight extra-credit points, and consequently to increase her or his final grade by up to one-third of a letter (i.e. B to B+). Exams take place in two sessions, as individuals first take the exam, then convene in small groups of three to four individuals to complete the same exam, but in a shorter amount of time. One’s score on the exam represents the weighted average (i.e. 85% individual, 15% group) of the scores on each of the two sessions, although the individual score will represent 100% of the exam grade if it exceeds the group score. This course had four exams. The exams were entirely multiple choice exams, and consisted of an individual portion and a group portion. Exams were fair, but consisted of very few questions. The group portion of the exam was not very helpful, for though it provided opportunities to learn from one\'s mistakes, that could be done during course review sessions. It might have been more effective to have longer exams without the group portion. Students were also expected to read the textbook as it corresponded with course material. Readings were not excessive and were very manageable. This was a test-based course, and there was a lot of reading that had to be done, but it was fairly manageable. To reiterate, I found the tests to be particularly difficult to study for. There seemed to be no emphasis on the material that was covered during lecture, which, I would have though would have served to underline the importance of such; however, any material from the textbook seemed to be as likely to be covered as anything during lecture. The class was entirely lecture based, but professors did try to elicit some audience participation. 100% Lecture 100% lecture but with some good examples not totally right from the slides Al lecture All lecture All lecture based but makes sense for a huge class like psych 1 Almost all lecture, would have preferred to be more engaging. Almost entirely lecture but with lots of opportunities for student engagement Class was extremely lecture based but there would be polls and questions in class which was nice. Entirely lecture, which is perfectly fine Good Good mix Good mix. Good! I have no comments. I liked how lecture taught things outside of the textbook. It made class much more interesting. I liked how the lectures and the discussion were intermingled together. I liked the lecture I think that the professors balanced lecture with student engagement (i.e. with PollEverywhere) as best they could, given that PSYC 001 is an introductory class. I thought it was well-balanced. I would have liked more discussion just because I think it keeps students more engaged, but with such a big class it\'s hard to have conversations with everyone giving input.  Profs both could have included the students more by asking questions. I would have liked to go to question and answer sessions like a class study group It was a lecture-based class. It was all lecture, which I think was effective for this class type and size. It was mostly lecture but the pols allowed students to have a voice even in a very large class. It was mostly lecture, but that worked well for the material covered in this course. It was purely lecture based which is appropriate for a survey course It was really all lecture. Some group discussion  might have been beneficial. It was very lecture heavy but this was to be expected because it\'s so much material crammed into a ten week time span. There\'s really no need for discussion in this type of low level introductory psychology course. It\'s all lecture-based. Sometimes I struggle to pay attention. Just lectured but worked well Lecture Lecture - did a good job of engaging with a large class Lecture was appropriate for the size of the class Lecture was interesting all though sometimes seemed to deviate from what was on test. Maybe clicker questions should be interwoven into our grade somehow, like the astronomy courses. This can really help with out grades and take some load of those very tough tests. Maybe have a better mix. It\'s mainly lecture and sometimes it\'s hard to focus or find things to associate points with (for example, if we discussed something such as autism, then we would have that interaction and memory of speaking and discussing to help us). Mostly lecture, with some poll questions for discussion. N/A N/a not a lot you can do for an intro class. Not much discussion, but I enjoy lecture. If you keep up with the readings before class and study after class it makes the class a lot easier. PRofessor Wheatley did a really good job of making the lectures engaging Perfect for a seminar. Since this was an intro class, the lectures were very useful The balance between lecture and discussion was perfect for the type of class that Psych-1 is. The class almost entirely lectures, when discussion is attempted, it usually fails because of the size of the class. The class has little discussion. Sometimes the students have to discuss a question asked by the professors. The class was all lecture and I would have liked for it to be a bit more engaging. Even though the material was very interesting, I often found it difficult to stay fully engaged for the whole class period because it was just a lecture. The class was basically lectures with availability for questions The class was dominated by lecture due to the large nature of the class. That being said, the professors tried very hard to incorporate interactive aspects into the course. The class was entirely lecture, although group me broke it up to some extent. The class was entirely lecture, as is normal for a large intro class. The class was mostly lecturing with a few polls or questions directed towards the class to keep us engaged. The class was only lecture with the exception of the use of polleverywhere. The class was only lecture. I would be nice to also have optional discussion groups. The course was mostly lectures, but the exams had a group aspect to them that was beneficial. The lecture style class should have had some discussion mixed in to be able to talk about the concepts of psychology and give everyone a chance to understand the material. The lecture style was hard to focus sometimes because it was so big. The lecture was almost entirely lecture, which is fine given the nature of the class. But the teachers tried to use PollEverywhere to bring an element of involvement or discussion to the class, which I think we all appreciated. The lectures were engaging, and I think the professors did a good job of asking for student input through Poll Everywhere (could actually increase its use if anything) and answering any questions students may have. The only thing beside lecture is the online poll system which can be fun to break up the monotony. The professors were open for questions.  The poll everywhere questions are good.  I think every class should start with 3 poll everywhere questions that go over the previous class period. The structor of each class was to many lectures and not enough examples and reasoning. The structure is acceptable. It\'s not the most favorable structure, but I don\'t think an introductory class can be anything else. I think the lectures are great as long as the professors continue to use engaging methods, such as multimedia presentation, exciting new findings, engaging anecdotes, etc. The structure of the class is mostly lectures, but discussion parts make it engaging. There should be more discussion but the lectures gave a good understanding of the course material. There was only lecture, but given the size of the class that is reasonable. There were only lectures between each exam; it functioned to convey a good introduction to psychology. This class was entirely lecture based but it worked as it was an intro class with over 100 students This course is pretty much all lecture, though students are able to ask questions in class.  Any kind of discussion or collaborative work is organized by students independently outside of class.  This is why I think it might be good to create more concrete study groups or discussions sessions for students to review the material in a more interactive and collaborative way. This is a lecture-based class, and I found it effective. This was a lecture class but I felt that that was appropriate for the content and class size. I found it engaging even though it was not very interactive. The use of Poll Everywhere was very great and could be expanded upon. For example, it would be nice if we came into class and they started with a quick few Poll Everywhere questions to test our knowledge from the reading. Or, we could do it at the end of class to see how well we absorbed the material from the lecture. Or both! That self testing would really help our learning. Though mostly lecture-based, questions and discussion are encouraged, particularly as the professors make a point to pose and solicit responses to questions regarding lecture material. These questions either come directly from the professors during the course of a lecture, or are posted to an online app called Poll Everywhere, which permits students to use electronic devices to reply to these questions. The professors typically supply a brief explanation of the correct answer or response in either scenario, and afford students the opportunity to clarify any misunderstandings they might have. Too much lecture, wish there was more discussion (Not possible with that large of a class though) Too much lecturing a all lecture all lecture as expected all lecture, but open for questions, teachers very easygoing and chill, Great all lectures good mix of lecture and poll questions i think the lecture format was the best structure for an intro psychology class it was only lecture and it was hard to grasp the information lecture lecture was great no complaint lecture was perfect for this class- lots of info to cover no discussion at all not good not much discussion, but understandable considering how large of a class it was the class is lecture based the mix between the two was good this was an only lecture class very good would have liked more student engagement, though understand that\'s difficult in a large introductory class - -I liked the lectures .. 100% lecture. 95% lecture. A good balance of lecturing and engaging us All lecture b/c intro class All lecture based, I wish it was a smaller class that had more discussion. All lecture but makes sense All lecture, but it matched the class All lecture, but that\'s what I was expecting. All lecture, no discussion All lecture, was appropriate for the class All lecture. As standard for a 200 person lecture, it was all lecture. Because it was a lecture, there was very limited class discussion. I benefit a lot from discussion, but it of course makes sense that you cannot have this in a 200 person lecture. I found it difficult to pay attention at times, but luckily the material was interesting so it would always rope me in again. Big lecture. Questions every now and then. Pretty straight forward. Class is all lecture, but what do you expect when there are 200 students Class was pretty much all lecture with opportunities for student questions. Could be a bit more interactive to engage students Entirely lecture Entirely lecture based Entirely lecture. For a class of this size, I don\'t think there is an option for anything other than lecture. However, I think the class would be more engaging if it were smaller and there was opportunity for small-group discussion. Good mix of lecture and guest lecturers Great I enjoyed the lecture-dominant classes, especially for the large class size. I enjoyed the structure I liked the balance between lecture and text. There was rarely discussion, but I liked that. I liked the lecture based characteristic of this class. I liked the lectures and didn’t mind the lack of discussion. I loved the poll everywhere questions that we did in lectures- they really kept me engaged. I also loved all of the videos of the experiments that we watched. I really enjoyed the lectures, but I wish there was more time for discussion. I wish the exams were also focused mostly on the lectures. I really liked the structure of the class, discussion was student led while lecture was professor led I think that the lectures were very orderly and did not require a discussion. I think the class does a good job of making a large lecture interactive and interesting. I think the class has a good mix of lecture and discussion I think there was a good mix between discussion and lecture. I thought there was a good balance between lecture and discussion I wish there had been discussion groups. Every time there was one, they\'d let us know either the day of or the day before, and I wish they had let us know further in advance. I wish there was more discussion or projects I would have liked a bit more of discussion It was 100 percent just lecture and tests. It was a large class so it was understandably almost all lecture It was a lecture based class which I understand because it was a large, introduction psych course. It was all lecture based. It was all lecture but I liked it. It was good, all lecture. It was mostly lecture but also with student surveys which was engaging and kept things interesting. It was only lecture due to the size of the class. Therefore I think it was necessary. It was practically all lecture, which I think was perfectly alright and still effective. It was solely lecture based, which is expected with such large numbers. It was solely lecture. It\'s all lecture which was fine given its an intro class with over 100 people. The profs were good about taking questions even with so many students.I enjoyed this course and might take more psychology courses in the future. The social psychology part of this course was especially interesting, and I would like to take more courses specifically on that topic in the future. Course was very interesting and the professors were too. Made me excited about studying psychology more and getting to know the faculty and the interesting work that they do. Definitely got me interested in PYSC, which I never really thought about. Will take classes like this in future. Didn\'t change it. Great course. Took out of interest; don\'t know if i will take another psych class. Had little effect Heightened my understanding of Psychology, and definitely encourages me to continue taking PSYCH courses Helped me prepare for pre-med and encourage me to change my major to incorporate psychology. I am interested in taking more psychology classes at Dartmouth as a result of some of the topics covered in this class. I am modifying my major with psych now because I enjoyed the class so much I definitely learned that I am interested in psychology and would like to take future psych classes. I do want to keep studying psychology. Social psychology has been the most interesting to me so far. I enjoy psychology a lot more. I enjoyed it a lot and it was a nice mix with small classes I enjoyed it and may take a class in psychology in the future. I enjoyed the class and am glad that I took it I found psychology to be more interesting than I expected. I found this course very enjoyable, and I definitely want to take another psychology class soon and possibly major in psychology. I greatly enjoyed this course, and am strongly considering a Psychology major. I knew absolutely nothing about psychology and feel as if I came out of the class with a basic but broad knowledge of the field. The class really was engaging and I felt that I learned a lot! I liked the class I love psychology more now! It kind of opens up many questions and possibilities too. I loved it! This course reinforced my belief that I will most likely major in psychology. I loved psyc, I think it will be my major. I might major in Psychology I put in a good amount of effort in this course and I\'m definitely interested in taking more courses in the psychology and brain sciences department.  This course also revealed to me the level of work and comprehension necessary to succeed in a Dartmouth class. I read so much material. Wow. I really enjoyed it and will probably take another psych course. I really liked it, might consider a minor I still enjoy Psych! I thought I liked psych and would minor in it but this class was way too difficult I thought it was incredibly interesting but I don\'t think I want to take a lecture class again (out of choice). I took this class as a prerequisite for other classes down the road, but left highly interested in the PBS department as a potential major or minor, so thank you Professors Duchaine and Wheatley. I took this class in preparation for the MCAT, but I don\'t forsee taking any other psych classes. I was always interested in taking this class and I was not disappointed with the content so I feel as though I have a new avenue to explore. I was considering Psychology as a major and I\'m still debating because I wasn\'t doing too well in the class. However, I am interested in specific types of psychology so I may continue with a Psychology major. I will continue to pursue psychology/neuroscience-based courses at Dartmouth, and I hope to conduct more research in the future. I also thought it was incredible that I was able to see an fMRI scan of my brain in only the third week of college. It definitely reaffirmed my intention to become a Psychology major. It did not It gave me a basic knowledge of the principles of psychology and the different fields within psychology. It greatly increased my interest in psychology, and I think I will continue studying psychology at Dartmouth. It helped me understand the vigor and pace of Dartmouth classes while also piquing my interest in psychological sciences and overall learning here at Dartmouth. It made me more interested in psychology and cognitive science. It made me want psychology to be my possible major It made me want to take Psych 23 next term. It really increased my interest in psychology! I definitely want to take more classes in the department! It reinforced my prior thought that I\'m very interested in psych and now am more confident in saying it is my intended major. It was influential in teaching me to balance my time It was not really related to my major but just something that I was interested in and I\'m glad I took it, I learned a lot. It was very interesting Loved it Loved it! Made me consider a psych minor Made me even more interested in Psych - Thank you for showing the slide with classes corresponding to different subjects! Made me more interested in psychology. Made me very interested in majoring in psychology Made me want to major in Psychology. Made me wish I took more Psych classes. Major N/A Not really at all Ok Positive experience Positively Positively. Loved it Showed me how difficult it will be The course added to my academic experience at Dartmouth. I look forward to taking more PSYCH department courses. This course challenged me to form and implement more effective study strategies, such as identifying broad themes, connecting ideas, and explaining information simply and thoroughly, whether to myself or to my peers. Additionally, the group exam components provided me with the opportunity to develop patience, understanding and cooperation in working with others. The unique perspectives and insight of my classmates ultimately helped advance whatever knowledge I could have obtained through independent study alone. This course definitely increased my interest in psychology/neuroscience, and it also helped me develop study habits to tackle large amounts of reading and learn large amounts of material in a very limited time frame. This course gave me an idea of the difference courses offered but was a littler discouraging due to the workload. This course grew my interest in psychology and has inspired me to take more psychology classes. This course has lead me to want to take more psychology courses and Dartmouth. This course helped me learn a broad scope of psychology, allowing me to know a little bit of major concepts. This course introduced me to some really interesting topics relating to Psychology that I might pursue in the future This course made me even more interested in psychology. This course made me realize that although psychology is interesting, I do not want to pursue it as a minor/major since it is simply too information dense. This course made me want to explore more research opportunities in the field of psychology. This was a course I had to take because I\'m pre-health. It wasn\'t especially good, but wasn\'t bad either.  As I mentioned above, I just wish there had been more opportunity for critical engagement with the material instead of just wrote memorization and regurgitation on the exams. Through learning about the new brain research, I have decided to take neuroscience next term. While it was a bit frustrating at times, due to the random nature of the tests, I still found this to be an enjoyable class, and a positive experience at Dartmouth. With the acquisition of t-points, I was able to actually experience the Psychology Department facilities through participating in an experiment. Knowing that there are such bountiful resources out for a student\'s disposal influenced my interest in campus research. didn\'t affect it mcuh good intro course, but obviously was very broad greatly i am very interested in taking more psych classes i may specialize in a certain area of psych i needed to take it for pre-health it has opened doors for me to take further psych classes in the future and taught me how to handle lecture classes loved it, really interested in psychology now made me interested in psychology...will probably take more psych classes now made me realize where my passions lie moderately, I\'m not a psych major or minor but I did enjoy some things taught positively - I enjoy learning about psychology but I am slightly apprehensive about taking other courses this class made me consider taking more psychology courses very hard - - made me never want to take a class in the PBS department again - discouraged me from taking classes out of interest if they do not have an A/A- median -It made me more interested in psychology  -Showed me what it takes to do well in a huge class .. After taking this course, I believe that I will pursue a major in psychology After taking this course, I know more about the different areas of psych that I could pursue and potential careers in the field. As mentioned, it was my first ever lecture style class (as my classes were always capped at 15 students in my very small high school). I did not do so well in this class because of this, as I found it difficult to stay on top of the independent readings outside of class. It really gave me a good look at how Dartmouth requires independent study as well as class presence. So, although I did not do very well, I am glad I took this class as it gave me a real impression of what college requires of students. I really did try to manage the readings, and am glad that I saw improvements from midterm to midterm. As this class was my favorite this term, I am considering pursuing a psychology major. Confirmed that I don\'t like psych. Educated me on why we behave the way we do, made me more aware of myself and motivation and reasons for my behavior. Effective reinforcement of concepts needed for future paths in career and pre-med. Had to take it for pre med, happy to be done with it. I absolutely loved it! Made me want to either major or minor in psych, highly recommend I am now looking forward to exploring more psychology classes in the future I am now strongly considering taking more classes within the Psychology Department. I become much more interested in psych as a major as a result. I definitely want to take more psych courses in the future! I did not think I would be as interested in psych as I now am and I will likely take more similar classes in the future I do not think I will take another class in this subject area. I don\'t know if this course influenced my academic experience a whole lot, but I sure did appreciate how interesting the material was. I enjoyed exposing myself to new subjects and academic material. I enjoyed it! Probably not going to major or minor in psych but I might take a higher level psych class or two now that I have the basic prerequisite out of the way! I enjoyed the class, and am excited to take more psychology classes in the future. I enjoyed the course but felt a little troubled to read Prof Wheatley was mentioned in the lawsuit against dartmouth and no one from the school or dept notified me of that even though she was my professor at the time I enjoyed this course a lot and would be interested in learning psychology. However, I thought the large class size was a bit overwhelming and wish that psych 1 could have been split into 2 sections. I expect that it will end with me receiving my first C grade, something I am not thrilled about. I feel more aware of my own consciousness and perspective. I feel more confident in my decision to study psychology and brain sciences at Dartmouth I found this course very interesting, so I chose my writing course in the winter to be somewhat related to the topic. I have decided to take another psych class to delve further into the discipline and see if I like it because it is hard to tell from the broad intro class. I intend to take more psychology courses in the future I learned a lot and would be surprised if I take my knowledge elsewhere at Dartmouth I learned a lot from it and plan to take another psychology course. I learned that I am very interested in psychology and would like to take more psychology classes. I liked the course and may consider psychology.Great class. Lectures are engaging and fun. Wheatley talks a lot about her hypnosis research (which is in the textbook a ton, too) and she also hypnotizes the class one day. Duchaine talks a lot about face processing, but his lectures are still great. Textbook is very dry, though, and there\'s a lot of reading. The tests are all multiple choice, but a lot of the information on the tests come from the textbook, so if you don\'t read, you\'re kinda screwed. Get your t-points done as early as possible, like start in week 3, because by week 5 and 6 there are very few studies to do to get tpoints from and you won\'t be able to get all 8 by then.  Definitely my favorite class at Dartmouth so far and maybe even my favorite class ever. It\'s a lot of textbook reading but I found most of it interesting, and the lectures are incredibly engaging. The examples they use in lectures consist of a lot of mind-blowing study results and a lot of super cool videos. It\'s all multiple choice but 15 % of your grade is from a group test and there are plenty of extra credit opportunities, so if you are determined to get an A then you will certainly be able to. Take this class! The course material is quite engaging, but the exams can sometimes get quite frustrating. When students ask whether something from the textbook (and not covered in lectures), the instructors were vague, not narrowing down the content. If you want to do well in the class, you need to not only pay attention during lectures but also read the textbook thoroughly. Professor Duchaine often asks his multiple-choice questions in the form  During the lectures, Professor Duchaine emphasized _______.  Professor Wheatley does not do this as much. Professor Duchaine is obsessed with his research in face perception. Most people tend to prefer Professor Wheatley; her lectures are often more engaging, and I agree with this consensus. MAKE SURE TO GET YOUR T-POINTS IN EARLY. I was anxious to complete them because there were few opportunities in the first few weeks, but they do open up. I filled up all eight t-points by week 8. Don\'t rely on the group test phase, since it is only 15% and sometimes you don\'t score much higher than the group. In a lecture hall of 200 students, don\'t expect to get personal with the professors. They are still cool profs nonetheless. I highly, highly recommend this class. Both of the professors are experts in their field, and they\'re both cited (several times) in the textbook. They\'re both super engaging, too; I\'ve never been bored in any of their lectures. Professor Wheatley even hypnotized the class during one of the lectures to demonstrate the suggestive/relaxing effects. We read the entire textbook during the term, but I\'ve found that it averages out to ~10-15 pages a night. It\'s very manageable. The tests (there are 4, the last one 1/3 cumulative) are very fair. A few definition questions, but mostly application and nuance of the concepts, about 50/50 between lecture and textbook material. The best part of the class is definitely the profs and the lectures. They got me excited about psychology, and I plan on taking many more classes in the department. You\'ll have to stay on top of the regular textbook reading because a good amount of the test material is from there. Overall, I thought it was a good class even if you\'re not that into psych. The lectures are interesting and well organized, and Prof Wheatley\'s are particularly interesting, Duchaine\'s are a little dryer but not too bad. Definitely would recommend.This was one of my favorite classes at Dartmouth. The lectures are all really engaging, whether they’re showing cool videos about case studies or Prof. Wheatley is hypnotizing the whole class, and the material is all very interesting and applicable to life. Definitely not an easy A, the textbook takes forever to read and you need to know the material from the book for the tests, which are all multiple choice. If you’re willing to work for your grade and you want to learn some really cool stuff, this class is for you. I took the class with Professor Wheatley and Duchaine. Wheatley gave 2/3 of the lectures and Duchaine gave the other third. Wheatley\'s lectures were very interesting and fun. Duchaine\'s lectures were okay. The course covered some very interesting topics, like what determines intelligence, and what research shows makes people happy. Getting an A in this class requires a lot of work. The class has no homework, but to get an A in the class you have to read the textbook and do a huge amount of memorization of psychology terms and concepts from the textbook and the slides. Each quarter of the course consists of 3-4 chapters each of 30 pages full of terms and concepts to be memorized. The class has three tests and a final, which is 50% cumulative and 50% part 4 of the course. I tried to get by without reading the textbook and got low grades on test 1 and 2. I read the textbook for test 3, but didn\'t memorize everything and got an okay grade on test 3. For the final I memorized a lot more and got a good grade. Overall I\'d recommend the course - just NRO it or expect to spend a lot of time memorizing terms you will probably forget to get an A. They are both amazing lecturers & are extremely helpful during office hours. Grading was 100% fair. Anyone that complains about this class being  too hard  either A. doesn\'t have the intellectual ability to survive at Dartmouth (highly doubt this is the case, I believe the admissions office has competent people) or B. doesn\'t try hard enough. 11/10 would recommend this class if you\'re willing to put in the work.