Even though the tests were very difficult, I really appreciated the way that they made me think about the material. Exams felt unfair. We didn\'t have any practice exams to know what the exams were going to be like before taking the exam (especially for the lab practical) and there were questions on the exam that asked for much more detail than Taube said we had to know. On the final exam, there was one question that had a diagram in none of the lecture slides. Lab practical should not be worth as much (certainly not as much as the midterm) since it does not test any class material, only labs, which we spent a significantly less amount of time doing than learning lecture material. Also, it is a new type of exam format for most students and it is unfair to make it be worth so much. First of all, I would like to indicate that this course assessment did not allow me to comment on both instructors, and I resent the inability to write an evaluation of Prof. Jeffrey Taube because I have some major criticisms of his teaching that I would like the opportunity to submit. However, I will find another avenue to address that concern.  This course would have benefitted from an additional midterm to break up the amount of material covered on each exam. There was too much information packed into each half of the course to reasonably create a test around, especially given the unclear relationships between different sections of the material. In general, I found it difficult to study for the exams because the information presented in class was not structured in such a way that emphasized the relative importance of different topics and details. Everything was presented at once and it made it difficult to anticipate what kinds of questions we would be tested on. At the very least, the first exam was accompanied by a set of practice questions, although the practice questions were not predictive of the level of detail we would be expected to know for the actual midterm exam. We did not even receive practice questions for the final exam. Additionally, Prof. Taube openly told us that he would not finish writing his exam until a few hours before the exam itself, which did not inspire a great deal of trust in him on the part of the students. He had not printed the copies of his half of the exam when our final exam period began, and told us to get started on Prof. van der Meer\'s half while he left to print his out, which I found highly unprofessional and disrespectful to the students. Given how much effort we put in to study and be prepared for his exam, the bare minimum degree of respect he could afford us would be to have the exam ready on time. This disrespect was especially stinging after Prof. Taube had denied the class the opportunity to take the final exam early because he would not be ready with it in time, even though our exam slot was on the last possible day of exams, and many students had very appropriate reasons for needing to take the exam on an earlier day.  The laboratory practical, unlike the exams, was fair and commensurate with the expectations set out for us by the TAs. The lab write-up for the Morris Water Maze lab was also fairly well done, although the expectations for that assignment not entirely consistent between Prof. Taube and the TAs. Since ultimately the TAs were evaluating that assessment, I trusted their articulation of the expectations for the write-up, but it was disheartening and confusing that the professors and the TAs were not on the same page. Good, but I felt like I had over-studied. It was hard to prepare for because there was only one midterm and one exam. It was a lot of material but the material was interesting More explaining things on the board--the powerpoints allow the prof. to move too quickly Quizzes would be better and reinforce our learning more because the exams contained an insane amount of material (80+ page study guide) Studying for both the midterm and the final was rather difficult, the spacing between the midterm, lab practical, and final exam was adequate but I felt like it would have been a bit more palatable if the 30-ish lectures were spread out over 2 midterms and a final? There is a midterm, final and lab practical. This course requires a great deal of study and memorization 2 exams (midterm and final), 1 lab report, 1 lab practical, lots of out of class preparation is important Fully half of the work in this class comes from the lab, which has weekly brain diagram assignments, a midterm that must be studied for, and an end-of-term lab report that takes the better part of a day to write. For the lecture portion of the class, there isn\'t much work. Readings are optional; all you have to do is prepare for the two exams. I believe there was a good spread in evaluation, however, I believe the addition of another midterm for the first half of course material would be useful for spreading content. The workload was definitely manageable (there really weren\'t many assignments except for lab), but because of this, I found the two exams to be incredibly stressful.  I wished there had been more opportunities for feedback throughout the term. 1. The lab drawings and sheep brain portion of the lab were helpful to put the lecture material in context. 2. There was an overwhelming amount of material on each exam, but I am not sure that can be avoided. A midterm, lab practical, and final exam were the bulk of the grade. I felt like the practical was unfair because I thought there was the chance for half points. In a few cases I labeled areas correctly but the desired answer was a structure within those areas. The wording of the midterm questions was very surprising and after the fact I understood what he was looking for but prior to the test I did not feel like I was prepared for such questions. With the midterm and practical being so close together it was quite stressful and with them over by like week 6 it was hard having 50% of my grade already gone. I think with a course like this it is hard to have many different ways of assessing students. I did really think the tests were fair and I did respect that! Lab changed it up a bit! MVDM tried to allow for a mix, with the midterm, lab practical, lab report, and final exam. The overall workload was large but reasonable given the demands of the class. It could be difficult to balance the work from the lab portion of the class with keeping up with the lecture material (which was difficult and time-consuming). Midterm, final, lab report, lab drawings Tests and lab Tests were difficult but not absurd. Almost entirely test grade except for a lab and some homeworks. Workload was high.  I think that my experience in the course would have been improved if there was one more exam, as it would have broken up the material into more manageable sections. Would have preferred more midterms i think the midterm and final were good, but i did not like having the practical worth so much one midterm and one final one lab practical weekly lab drawings one lab report there were too few tests. All Lecture Good, fine.  Class is for lecture, office hours are for discussion.  That\'s fair.  We had a lot of material to go through. I want to use this section to reiterate my comment from earlier in this evaluation that PSYC 65: Systems Neuroscience needs to be fundamentally reorganized and rebuilt.  The learning objectives for the course are not clear, and the current organization of the material has no clear structure. The course material is presented as if we are expected to simply memorize every detail of every slide, rather than in such a way that emphasizes clear key concepts and themes. I found it difficult to discern what the important ideas and core concepts were, and instead felt as though I was being taken through dozens of different fields\' worth of content without learning about what related those fields to each other. The value of a course entitled Systems Neuroscience should be that it defines what constitutes a neural system, elucidating the commonalities that underlie each system, and then that it illustrates the defining features of each key system that are unique and/or important. I do not feel that I understand those things after taking this course; instead I feel that the course has taught me to keep track of extremely detailed, isolated clusters of information at inconsistent levels of depth across a disparate and selection of topics. The lack of cohesive organization extended through to the structure of the exams, which were actually divided into two portions written separately by each professor—a clear and disappointing manifestation of the fact that the course\'s organizers did not make efforts to synthesize the course\'s information into a cohesive body of knowledge but rather left the material to be presented in broken pieces. I do not say this out of malice or ill-will, but rather out of frustration with a department that has otherwise generated courses that are well-organized with clear learning objectives and logical concept/topic selections. The instructors of this course need to critically reexamine the purpose of this course and the concepts they intend to teach through it, and rebuild the course to reflect those learning objectives, because as it stands right now the course does not befit the title of core requirement for the neuroscience major. I also think that if this redesign is successful, the course should be taught earlier in the major to provide a foundational understanding of the organizational structure of the brain so that students are better prepared for the content and terminology they will encounter in later courses. I would like more problem sets or something like that in the class in order to think like you need to on the tests before they happen but also to better learn the information in general and maybe work with others and get to know more people in the class. No discussion--but don\'t need that here. Old-fashioned lecture style and lab style. Labs should not just be dissecting brain and labeling diagrams. Most of the classes were structured as lectures, but with ample opportunity to ask questions. The class was mainly lecture-based. mostly lecture and very little discussion 1. I felt the lab and the lecture complemented each other well. 2. Occasionally, the lectures felt very long. The worksheets were a nice change of pace. A good mix between the two Almost entirely lecture but Van Der Meer made it engaging and encouraged questions. It was mostly discussion but as I mentioned we had worksheets to switch things up! Also questions were common and sometimes became a discussion. Loved it Many lecture with time for questions Strictly a lecture class which makes sense, but there was also always the opportunity to ask questions The class was almost completely lecture, though the professor opened up for questions often. The class was largely lecture, though MVDM helped create an environment welcoming to questions. I would have enjoyed the class more if there had been more discussion incorporated into the class in some way. great! heavy on lecture, but that is to be expected mostly lecture, sometimes in-class worksheets mostly lecture. Fulfilled major requirement Hardest class in the major, but tied together a ton of concepts from other neuro courses. I don\'t know that the course influenced my academic experience very significantly. Despite organizational shortcomings, I do feel I learned a lot from the course (particularly from the laboratory component), and that contributed to my academic understanding as a neuroscience major. I was disappointed in how this core course compared to the other courses, both core and elective, that I\'ve taken in the PBS department, so in that way it negatively impacted my academic experience. On the whole it does not change my outlook on the neuroscience major or my academic decision to pursue it, and it has not affected my research interests or future aspirations in the field of neuroscience. I learned a lot about the bigger picture, but it was overall a very stressful course, and I felt like no matter how hard I studied, I wasn\'t going to be able to know all the material that would be on the exam, because there was simply too much material. We used every x-hour and the lectures consistently went over-time by 5-10 minutes, which is unfair to students with classes directly afterwards, plus it shows that the professors are trying to squeeze in too much material. It was a good sort of culmination of all my neuroscience classes at Dartmouth, as a senior it was nice being able to have things from Perception, physiology, Behavioral Neuroscience, Cognition, etc, all sort of come together and manifest itself in the lectures and actually working with the physical sheep brain. Positively! I loved this class and it certainly reinforced my interest in neuroscience. I was already a neuroscience major, so this class didn\'t change much. But it did affirm that I genuinely find neuroscience fascinating and that I would like to keep studying it. If I had taken this class earlier during my time at Dartmouth I never would have been a neuroscience major. Although I have enjoyed some of the classes I have taken in the department, this class is by far my least favorite. Additionally, there is a lack of cellular and molecular neuroscience focus in the department as well as a lack of neurobiology classes available during the regular school year. If you are not required to take this class, I would not recommend it. This class is required for the neuro major and it was definitely challenging, but it was overall a relatively positive experience.  I actually enjoyed the lab component a lot more than I expected to, especially considering I took this course at the same time as another lab class. Actually the worst I\'ve ever done in a course at Dartmouth and quite possibly the hardest I\'ve worked in a course. That comes with a lot of disappointment and although I learned a lot I don\'t think that much difficult material should be in just one class. At another college this course would definitely span a semester and I think at Dartmouth it would be better as a two term course. Intense learning experiences are important but in this case I just felt overwhelmed. I couldn\'t really stay positively engaged in the course because I was constantly worried that it would ruin my GPA. And that did end up being a valid fear. Best class I have ever taken I enjoyed the course material thoroughly, and as a graduating senior, I can say that it was without a doubt one of the highlights of the neuroscience major. From a content perspective, I recommend taking this course much earlier in your neuroscience major (and not leaving it as one of the last classes to complete, as is common because of the difficulty of the class.) It will provide a great anatomical and conceptual foundation that will ground what you learn from other neuroscience classes/electives you choose to take. I really loved looking at the brain! It was great to finally get to do this after all the neuroscience classes I have taken. It enhanced my interest in neuroscience. It was a nice end to my neuroscience major. At the end of the day, I really appreciate all of the effort Professor van der Meer put into the course. He is a wonderful instructor. It was very interesting course and overall a great experience.  Professor, Lab instructor, TAs were really good. Learned a lot in this class Strongly reinforced my interest in neuroscience, in addition to slightly elevating my fear of its complexity This course provided me with a great understanding of the brain, its structures, and all the systems needed for everyday functioning life! I have learned the most in this course than another class! This course tied together all of my neuroscience classes nicely. I wish I had taken this course earlier. Was one of the more challenging and informative classes I have taken, and a nice capstone to the major. learned a lot and really branched out there was A LOT of material, but it was overall a very interesting subject and the labs were really fun (dissecting sheep brains)! Take this class with Prof Smith. He\'s the best. He made the material interesting, and was super chill. He cancelled class quite a few times, but we made it through all of the information in the end. His tests were comparatively easy, and the course would have been a lot harder if he chose it to be. His lectures are pretty fun for the dry material that comes with systems neuroscience. Taube is possibly the least inspiring professor I\'ve had - he doesn\'t know how to teach without reading directly off the powerpoint, and good luck to you if you ask him a question whose answer isn\'t in his notes. His slides - which are numerous - feature nothing more than dense text, and more difficult slides are usually better explained by the caption on the picture than by his attempt to paraphrase. The class is tough, but definitely gives a good overview of neuroscience and the brain itself, especially anatomy. With another prof, it might have been my favorite. The material for the class was tough, definitely the most difficult course in the neuroscience major that I\'ve ever taken. We use the same textbook that medical schools use in their neuroscience classes. the course is unlike any other courses in the neuroscience major so be prepared for an overload of info. prof yoder is an extremely nice and helpful guy. he is very sensitive to student feedback and really tries to help all the students. this is his first time teaching so he definitely lack experience. his pace was way too fast and sometimes he had trouble explaining concepts in ways that undergrads can understand. but he really cares about students actually learning the material and not just excessively worrying about grades so he was very very generous about grades.