Do not take PSYC 10 with Worth. Really sweet lady, but the worst prof I\'ve had at Dartmouth. The entire course was disorganized, we didn\'t learn anything in class (I wish I was kidding), and relatively simple stuff was made complicated as a result. On top of this, she\'s a very harsh grader, doesn\'t respond to emails, and will basically leave you to figure everything out on your own, without giving you practice problems to go off of. Seriously, take this class with someone else. I never write reviews like this but this term was so bad that I had to. This professor was TERRIBLE. I literally did not learn anything in the class from her, and I learned everything on my own from the textbook. She grades harshly on exams (basically no partial credit) but she is a really nice person. She canceled the 9L at 8:10am the day of. Super disorganized. Never responded to any of my emails to meet outside of her office hours because I had class during those times. Thought this class would be a layup because I had taken stats before, but she made this class difficult by not teaching at all. Pfister is an absolute beauty. His lectures are engaging, which is big for 9L, and his tests are fair, though they are difficult. Median is a B+, and that\'s what I got, but Pfister is an awesome guy and teaches a good class. Would recommend if you need stats for the major. Would not recommend taking this course with Haxby. To sum up how he is as a teacher, just know he forgot to bring his computer on the first day of class. He is very disorganized in that he shows up to class late, often has mistakes on his power points, and the TA frequently teaches the course without Haxby even being present. The grading system seems to be completely arbitrary with a negative curve to prevent too many As. The professor has proven himself to be an unreliable source of adequate information. He takes a long time to go through the material, but doesn\'t explain it well. His poor organization skills also shine through his lectures which don\'t seem to be really grounded on anything and come off as random tangents about math that are difficult to follow. He forgets the notation of formulas and often substitutes the wrong values during examples. He advises not to print the slides before the class because they are riddled with errors, which, if he went through the power points before attempting to teach them, could easily be solved. And the tests are not compatible with the homework (which is solely in R). You essentially have to teach yourself the course. So, in summary, the class is boring, poorly organized, and a confusing waste of time with this professor. And Professor Pfister is the better, more engaging option, even if you have to wait a term or so before taking the course. One of the best math classes I have ever taken (coming from a non-math person who was taking this class for major requirements). If you are planning to take PSYC 10, definitely wait to take it with Pfister. He is one of a kind professor. He brings so much energy and passion to the class (which is a 9L), truly respects and supports his students, will make time to help you (a lot of office hours), and is good at teaching and explaining concepts. He made statistics interesting and practical. This is a great class to take if you need it for a distrib, major requirement, or are interested in statistics. Class format is homeworks before each class, knowledge checks (5 question short quizzes on Canvas that you can take until you get 100%), 3 midterms and a final. While this class is a lot of work, it prepares you well for the midterms. This class felt like a layup tbh, Pfister was a phenomenal prof and had like seven different periods for office hours a week? he also lets you correct your quizzes the day after you take it up to five points (also down five points if you change something that is already right, but whatevs). lectures are really great for a stats class, though he goes on tangents a lot. compared to the other psyc 10 profs and what hellish things i\'ve heard about them, definitely wait to take it with pfister. super easy class, the homeworks are super easy and won\'t take more than 10 minutes (also graded for completion) and is 10% of your grade, and if you do all of them, you get a two point bonus on your final. has knowledge checks, which are retakeable quizzes with five multiple choice questions that are online, and they count for 5% of the grade. Attendance is 5%, too. Then each quiz is 20% of your grade, as well as the final exam. Pfister really just wants to see you succeed, and he literally does all he can to help you out. layup 10 course if i\'ve ever seen one. I can\'t emphasize enough how nice she is and I feel bad writing this review because she is such a kind person, but she really should not be teaching this course. It was disorganized and I basically had to teach myself all the material. I took a Stats course in highschool and loved it and did well, but her lectures made me start hating Stats. I didn\'t do as well as I hoped in this class because she never gave out any practice problems (which appeared on our tests) and I didn\'t even know what to study from the textbook but I still did fine. But seriously if you have to take Psyc10 just take it with someone else. Worth is really sweet, not always the best at explaining concepts, but the class moves slowly enough that the textbook should help enough with figuring out the majoring concepts and problems. Really sweet professor but not the best teacher. Class is pretty boring but relatively easy. Not too hard to learn material yourself, just focus on filling out the study guides she gives you. If you need to take a -10 class, this one is a pretty good bet for a layup. Professor Pfister is one of the most engaging, sincere, and understanding professors I\'ve ever had. He genuinely cares about his students and is always available for extra help. There were 3 tests (each of which had a take-home component that was worth 10% of the test grade), a final exam, homework points, coming to class/participation points, and Knowledge Check quiz points (5pt mc quizzes on canvas that you can take as many times as you want.) If you compartmentalize the information and understand the purpose of each of the statistical methods you\'ll do fine.