Dr. Maue is such a good prof. If u have the slightest interest in how the brain works, take this course. I’m a philosophy major and knew knowing about biology / chemistry, but Maue was able to help me out so much. Very helpful in office hours, truly cares about how his students are doing (academically and personally,) very excited about the subject, has a super, super soothing voice. We had echo 360 (our lectures were all recorded) and it was absolutely a life saver. Take psyc 6 with him!! I came into the class really worried that I was going to fail but you won\'t as long as you stay on top of the readings. What\'s nice is that she posts the outline containing key terms as well as the slides before class. I would highly recommend printing out the slides 4 to a page and then taking notes on the slides during the lecture. Some other strategies that I found helpful were making a study guide as I did the readings based on terms from the outline and going to a study group through ASC. I agree with what the person said about Cramer being a fair grader - she gave me some points back when I went to see her during office hours and was happy to go over the test with me. Overall, this class was pretty good. It should definitely be your top priority class though as you go over a chapter a class and as you get deeper into the book, the chapters get progressively longer. The class is definitely fast-paced, but is really interesting for the most part and the lectures are very clear and organized. By the last two quizzes (out of four) I didn\'t bother reading the textbook, as everything on the exam was covered in lecture, and the textbook covers way too much information that isn\'t necessary. The exams and grading were very fair, and one of the four quizzes is dropped. Overall really enjoyed this course, Cramer is an amazing prof and I would definitely take another class with her. This class was super engaging and fascinating for anyone interested in understanding neuroscience from every level -- molecular (neuroanatomy), systems (senses of sight, hearing, etc), behaviors (basic emotions, sex, feeding, fear), cognitive (learning, sleeping, memory, language). The class is definitely really fast paced. Each class goes through one chapter of the textbook. Professor Cramer was a phenomenal lecturer. She explained concepts extremely well and used language incredibly well to convey her information. Important note taking is vital to review the lectures before each of the quizzes, but I never read the textbook chapter before the lecture and was able to take good notes and understand the lecture completely. No neuroscience knowledge is required, but knowing basic biology would be useful for the first half of the class. It is important to have the ability to effectively learn science as a topic to do well (i.e. constant reviewing of content, diagrams, flashcards, taking good notes). I definitely do not regret taking this class, although the grading system is intimidating (4 quizzes and 1 final determine the entire grade, with some extra credit opportunities and chances to re-earn points on the quizzes). But I felt that the quizzes were fair and not entirely demanding of all the content in the textbook, only the lectures. Overall, it was a pretty good class. Cramer is not the best lecturer but she\'s very organized and I liked the way she graded. You had 4 tests (about one every two weeks) and a cumulative final. For the tests you could do re-tests for and get some points back which really helped your grade and also helped w learning the material, and at the end of the quarter you could drop your lowest test grade. The class was interesting but definitely a lot of work- you basically go through an 800 page textbook and if you want to keep up with the class you are reading about 25-40 pages per class, which is MWF plus the X-hour which she used every week. A lot of work, but fair grading and Cramer is a sweet professor.