Exams and problem sets were very challenging. Exams, projects and a paper, good work load. Having a cheat sheet for the tests helped so much. However, if there was a practice exam available, I think it would also help - especially since I wasn\'t ready for how conceptual the second exam would be compared to the first. I felt as if the tests were a little too difficult especially when it came to studying for the test. The first one I didn\'t study the homework\'s as much and I completely missed points on similar questions on the first test. The second test I did study the homework, but this time there wasn\'t that many problems similar the homework. In the end, I did poorly on both. I liked how we had our exams spaced out and a culminating final project at the end of the course, I thought it was a good variety of things. Labs, Tests, Papers. Some of the homeworks seemed unnecessarily long. The second midterm was also really hard, which showed in the median. I didn\'t like how much memorization is required, especially since the 1st midterm required very little memorization, so we weren\'t ready for thatThe tests required thorough knowledge of the material and deman. ded the students know a lot of information and conceptual knowledge to do well. Good balance. Did not like the wiki page though. Hey well distributed. I thought that the workload and tests were alright. Not a huge workload. Short readings and discussion questions for each class, weekly problem sets, 2 midterm exams and one final paper. Seemed like a good balance across multiple different means from homework to projects to exams. Tests were tough, hw was helpful. The workload turned out to be a lot more than I was expecting. Although the class voted to have a final paper instead of a finale exam, we had a midterm in the last week of the term that kind of seemed like the same thing as an exam... We were also assigned a 10 page paper with only a few weeks left in the term, and I was used to the humanities classes, where the major term assignment is clearly outlined from the beginning so we know what to expect. There was tests and one paper. Thought the final was hard but having homeworks with TA help available was crucial for success. Good. tests were unfair. The material on tests was not explained in class/not necessary for the class. tests, problem sets, and a wikipedia assignment. two tests and a final paper. the tests were hard to study for in that I felt like they were always much harder and specific than anticipated. Good mix of lecture, guest speakers, and group work. Healthy mixture of lectures, discussions, and group activities. I think it was a good mix between lectures and group activities! I thought the lecture slides were great especially because she was kind enough to print all of them out for us. This helped me stay in tact with the lectures and discussions It was a good mix Lecture. There weren\'t many classes with discussion, but the lectures were always engaging and had a clear purpose. keep it as it is. Great, although at times a little to lecture heavy. I would\'ve liked to have more discussion. It was all lecture. It was all lecture. Mostly lecture with some group assignments and many guest speakers. Perfect. Thought it was good and applied well for the type of material covered! Seems like there\'s a proper balance of lecture for material and some demonstrations, etc. good solid. guest lectures were good. some small group discussion and projects, mixed with lectures and guest lectures. the mixture of lectures and guest speakers helped to see the applications of the material we were learning. ENGS became more interesting I believed more than ever that I had the capabilities to take more engineering classes. I feel like I understand some of the materials I use as an athlete much better now. I thought it was incredible because as a student athlete you don\'t realize all the engineering that goes behind the sport equipment some times. Ultimately, it was extremely eye-opening and inspiring.If I could go back, I\'d take more ENGS courses. Sparked my interest in engineering and chemistry/math. This course has really opened my eyes to engineering and introduced me to a new area of study! Very well Helped influence a lot of my interest in potentially pursuing some more ENGS classes as a non-major, such as the human-centered design minor.I had to go outside of my norm. I loved it and wished I had taken other similar classes! Increased my interest in pursuing the engineering major. It didn\'t really influence much. It opened my eyes to the possibility of taking engineering. final project was very interesting. Good. introduced me to some more science/math based courses.this course helped me to realize that I wish to pursue sports engineering. A good class. Lectures were sometimes boring, but she brings in lots of cool guest speakers. The problem sets require you to do some research (they ask about stuff she didn\'t cover in class), but they are graded very easily. Same with the midterms - they seem hard but then are curved really nicely. You don\'t really have to come to class because all the slides are posted, but if you\'re even kind of engaged the class will be easy.Course: Incredibly boring and completely useless. I mean she spent the whole class talking about the wood used in snowboards. I had hopes that we would spend the class talking about more common sports and equipment but spent most talking about bikes or skis. Not even interesting stuff about those skis. Professor: She was pretty terrible. She was boring, a little oblivious during tests. I think everyone in the class could have fallen asleep and she would have kept rambling. Workload: It wasn\'t bad. Open note tests, some homework assignments. But it was so hard to get inspired for the material that it made them harder. CLASS WAS BORING!!!!!!!!!!! 6 papers in total, 3 of which were group projects I HATED the last group I had to work with because I don\'t like when people try to mess with my grade. readings: eh...really...her manuscript should be trashed. teaching style: I am not sure if she was going for a style. papers: use a lot of footnotes and footnote her work even if you won\'t read it!!! First of all the readings come from her unpublished book, which is repetitive and not necessary for the course. You are never tested on the reading. Class lectures are usually her just saying the exact same things from her book. Lectures are incredibly boring, nobody wanted to go to this class, but sometimes she took attendance. There were three group assignments, which were just silly, very simple and pointless and a pain to have to work with a group. In your assignments she basically wants you to write exactly how she writes her book, so copy her style exactly and she\'ll be happy and probably give her a good grade. I mean the class wasn\'t incredibly difficult, but so annoying. I\'d try to take Engines 3, if you\'re just looking for the distributive. The lectures for this class were downright painful, and I\'m really not sure that I learned as much as I could have. But all things considered, it was an easy way to knock out the TAS. The papers were somewhat ridiculous, and Garmire is often quite the character. I\'d do it again, but only if I had to. This class is a good TAS for humanities majors -- you read about technology, and write about technology, more than you actually deal with technology. There are a few papers (not too hard) and a few annoying group projects (just take time), but other than that it is really not too much work. Garmire is nice but a little boring. This professor is horrible. She doesn\'t have a grasp of technology - what you will get out of class is discussing the subsystems of a pencil for an hour, how great of a prof she thinks she is, and that engineers are responsible for everything. The course work is not too much or too difficult, but she is a really picky grader - she won\'t tell you what she wants, but grades you down for it anyway. SOme of the readings are interesting, but there is a lot of overlap. Also, papers are a lot of work for almost nothing grade-wise. I would not suggest this course AT ALL. I needed a TAS so i stuck through it, but really, i would have rather taken a harder class and gotten a worse grade than sat through 10 weeks of nothing. Beware.