All of the evaluated aspects of the course were necessary and fair measurements of our work. The workload was extreme-- either me or my group members were meeting and working at Thayer nearly every day, especially close to deadlines. As there were lectures three times a week and a weekly lab section with T&T, in addition to all of these meetings, the workload and time needed for this course took up much of my life this term. Assignments had a lot of very specific requirements which made them difficult and tedious. Evaluation seemed to be on the harsher end, but that was helpful. Preparing for presentations and writing papers was not the main contributor to the heavy workload, at least for my group. Prototyping, testing, building our final model, and consulting target users was the main time suck. Everything was fairly graded. It was a tough pill to swallow when we\'d get our progress reports back because we worked so hard on them, however we did receive constructive criticism. It would be more helpful if we were to get our progress reports back a little sooner so that we could improve the next ones. Group papers and group presentations- They take a lot of time but aren\'t necessarily hard I liked the methods of evaluation used in this course. I think presentations and reports were effective methods of evaluating the quality of work from students. However, if presentations are graded partly based on eloquence of speaking and composure, it may be unfairly disadvantageous towards students with problems verbally communicating in high-pressure settings. It was all reports and presentations. This meant certain members could slack while others did reports and presentations. Workload would have been reasonable if people participated evenly but was high enough that nobody could actually learn most of the things taught. Everyone had to learn a few of the things and leave the rest to other people. We would benefit more if that was trimmed down. It\'s a big group project. Work depends on the project you choose and your other group members, but good rule of thumb is that it will be a LOT of work Made sense Methods of evaluation included power point presentations and submissions of written reports. N/A Nearly all of our evaluation came from our work/progress in our project; this included written reports and presentations.  A smaller portion of our grade was based on participation in T&T and practicing skills from those sessions Paper reports and oral presentations, very effective for presenting the progress in our idea Papers and presentations did not come with clear and complete rubrics and it was extremely hard to figure out what was expected of us Poor, we spent little time be able to be helped with what actually affected our grades Really enjoyed the presentations. So much is based on reports, I didn\'t like it at all. The frequent small assignments and obligations were confusing, wasteful and irrelevant. They should be dropped so we can give more attention to developing our projects. The methods of evaluation seemed fair. The milestone projects are quite different than most other classes, where these three assignments make up more or less the entirety of a student\'s grade. While they were difficult and often stressful, they did teach about presenting in a very effective manner, a skill that is invaluable in every situation. The milestones are a consistent and effective way to evaluate students in this course. However, this means that individual group member contributions get overshadowed. Some of our group members were much more invested in the course than others (easily by a factor of 10 hours), and this doesn\'t get reflected in our evaluation. The papers were graded fairly and the assigned workload was light The quizzes for each T&T at times did not seem necessary due to the safety brief before each session. The whole term is essentially a big group project so as long as you stay on top of deadlines and every team member is committed to putting their best work forward, the class should be a smooth experience. The workload is obviously very large due to the 10, 15, and 20 page reports, but they all build on each other. Also, there is obviously a lot of outside work that is more on the physical building side. I liked that aspect a lot. However, I tended to be the one doing the majority of the building and design (partially due to my own past experience being the most out of the group). While this was at times difficult to deal with in a time management sense, I didn\'t mind it. However, the reports were tough to put together. The written reports and presentations suited the class well. A written test or other evaluation would not have been practical. This class is a very big time commitment but definitely worth it.  I learned quite a bit. Three papers: a proposal, progress report, and final report of 10, 15, and 20 pages, with corresponding presentations for each.  Work got extremely hectic as you build up to these milestones.  Meanwhile, you are building your product throughout the term (work builds massively as the term continues). good evaluations - papers were tedious but very applicable to what we would be tasked with in the real world. Gave a really good picture of what it is like to actually create something and be an engineer. the presentations were effective in teaching us how to pitch our product too many small assignments that distract from the larger assignments of the class. 3 big presentations and 2 reports: project proposal (with report), progress presentation, final presentation (with report). good mix, kept you on track as long as you worked throughout the term. 3 presentations were appropriate. Panel was very harsh for the first proposal presentation Almost everything is in your group. There are weekly homeworks that vary in how much time they require. There are three presentations and two written reports that form the bulk of your grade. Amazing. Tough the closer to deadlines you get. Pulled a few all-nighters. Fine Grading was fair. Large time commitment Methods of evaluation were very good and fair. No complaints about evaluations. Na No comment. Presentations Weekly exercises and team logs Presentations and papers seemed fair. Presentations and papers. Progress presentation and report and final presentation and report Reasonable workload if you stay on top of it. Besides the project, you are primarily graded through weekly short assignments which are very reasonable to complete. The method of evaluation was excellent The method of grading teams is not very effective as some people chose to sit out and let other members carry them which was not very fair as everyone got the same grades for the work that a few people on the team did. The methods of evaluation were very helpful, simulating the steps that a group would have to take if they were creating a real product and had to present their ideas to others. The project was great and I loved presentations. The workload and evaluations were all fair and clear There are three presentations and two reports that are the bulk of the grade. There are weekly check-ins and exercises but are usually completed in the work done in class. Tons of work, but it was good work. Not stressful most of the time. Was very clear what was expected from the beginning. Thought it was fair. What is really frustrating about this course is the final deadlines: I understand that the final presentation must be done during the last week of classes, but there is NO REASON for the final report to be due BEFORE READING PERIOD. It\'s simply unfair to students who are still trying to keep up with classes. I\'m not sure why professors think it is ok to make huge final assignments due before finals period begins. no tests was nice the structure was great - the report and presentation in the beginning alleviated stress for the rest of the term. It was definitely front-loaded in the best way. 3 presentations, labs weekly, lots of outside class time work Grading often seemed like it was not reflective of time put in; T&T quizzes were somewhat unfair because they expected students to memorize videdo Great! The 3 presentations were well spaced out, and the lectures and t&t\'s were very helpful Having the progress presentation not have a report paired with it was very helpful for my group. it meant that we were more focues on actually getting the work done on our project and moving forward instead of having to stress about extra work with sharing the work that we had done. The reports, executive summaries, and presentations were very helpful and I learned a lot from them. They took a very long time to create and prepare for but it was worth it. The workload was a lot, it didn\'t always feel like the long summaries were necessary. The resume workshop was not helpful/ it\'s a lot of work presentations and papers, 1 term long project reports and presentations 1 BIG PROJECT Again, the gradings were vague. If the professor could release specific scores by each member of the review board, and scores of each section, it would be better. All methods of evaluation was concise and effective. G I feel like giving the final presentation + report 50% of the final grade is a bit too much. I liked the evaluation methods of the course. I think breaking up the course into progress reports was great cause it helped keep us accountable and made sure we didn\'t get stuck doing most of the work at the end of the term. Many presentations and relevant papers, all group work. Felt fair and helpful and good practice for our futures! Methods of evaluation were consistent with the course as was workload (as expected) No complaints No exams. 4 presentations (1 proposal, 2 progress reports, 1 final), and 2 written reports (1 proposal, 1 final). LOTS of work spent on project outside of class, but it doesn\'t feel like too much work if you have a project you are passionate about and a motivated group that divides up the workload. Please make this an individually graded class.  That we got a group grade allowed 2 members of our group to do almost nothing.  This was absolutely unacceptable, and I honestly don\'t know how you can continue to allow the class to operate in this way.  If the course were graded on individual effort, these two members WOULD HAVE LITERALLY FAILED.  This class kind of hurt my soul. Presentations and papers that are basically write ups of what is in the presentations. Presentations and written reports Progress reports and final project/paper. Fair workload. Course is back-end heavy in terms of workload. Reports and presentations followed a strict rubric and generally weren\'t fun to complete. However, they were fair. Review board should offer more suggestions Seemed like there were too many presentations and papers evaluated arbitrarily and not enough time to work Seems fair TOO RUBRIC BASED. There was no margin for error and sometimes if the problem, like ours, was unconventional, we got screwed. There was very little flexibility. The course culminated with a final project that was worked on over the term. The proposal was an effective assessment to help narrow down our initial ideas, while the two progress reports/presentations helped us to keep moving forward with our project. Quite a bit of work was expected to be done outside of class time, but that is essentially a given considering how much work an engineering project typically takes. The course prides itself in letting the student roam free and tackle problems of their interest. However, depending on the students topic of choice, the difficult and effort required varies drastically. Having a general rubric to evaluate every group project seems absurd.   In addition, although there is an individual evaluation form, groups stuck with members who are uncooperative would just have to step up and do the extra share of work themselves. Reflective of reality, but a little unfair when it comes to grading.   The methods of evaluation were reasonable The only methods of evaluation were reports and oral presentations. These were an effective way to grade our progress throughout the term and each assessment form had very detailed instructions to walk us through what the review board wanted to see. The workload varied widely by group but at least for my group, I thought that it was a manageable amount of work. The workload for this course was bit exorbitant at the end of the term.  There were no tests or examinations.  The evaluation method was reaonable. The workload is large, as is expected. The workload was completely oriented around the project, which I really liked. It allowed everyone to focus on their projects rather than having to spend time studying for different assignments. They were good to use presentations as the main method This course required a lot of extra work, in fair exhange for s higher grade. Wanting a successful project leads to huge amounts of work but this is as it should be decent good presentations that were worth a lot of the grade the workload was very very heavy but I knew that going into the class very fair and good 3 progress presentations and 1 paper, 1 final presentation and paper As mentioned above, more emphasis on the creating process to reflect what time is spent on would be great. Felt kind of arbitrary -- kind of impossible to grade this class GRADE GROUP MEMBER INDIVIDUALLY WITHOUT A DOUBT Heavy load, but split amongst all members of your group. Fair grading. I feel as though the revision history of the papers should be used to provide individual grades for the write-ups. The presentation should also have an increased individual grade component. I think they were very reasonable, although the guidelines may be a little unclear sometimes. I thought the presentations and written reports were very effective I very much enjoyed doing oral presentations, and the executive summary/papers are not much of a bother to me.  The workload is incredible, but the grades don\'t reflect the difficulty of the assignments, its simply the process of getting there that is so hard. It was fine. Maybe the final paper could be weighed a little bit less. Prof is honest about workload and I think its fair for the course. Methods of evaluation and workload expected were both fair. Methods of evaluation were fair and helpful. Minimal quizzes throughout term were effective. I wish their had been a cumulative quiz or time to revisit all skills learned in T&T sessions. Oral presentations - great practice, especially interacting with the review board. Doing 4 presentations really gave us time to improve. Written reports - not quite as great because it was pretty unclear what we were doing well both because we didn\'t do many of them and because the feedback wasn\'t direct. Presentations and papers were suitable Reports and presentations provided excellent feedback. The methods of evaluation, which were mainly presentation and report-writing, were appropriate for the design of the class. The review board gave very thorough and constructive comments for each group when they presented their ideas, progress reports, and final presentation. The course requires however amount of work you wish to put into your project, and is definitely accurately reflected in grades and comments. The workload for this course is expectedly high and the standards equally high. I think it was fair though. They were all very good. Was done through proposals, progress reports, and a final project.  Though it was a great way of evaluating students.  There was a heavy workload when approaching deadlines, but this made it very realistic to the workplace. Weekly T&T sessions, four(?) presentations and one more casual presentation. Two big papers. Lots of outside of class and independent work. all good good for the course\'s sturvture presentations were fun and I felt really helped me with my presenting skills the progress reports helped us improveAll lecture. Attendance is not mandatory, but you should go to every class. Vicki notices. Good balance.  Was helpful to have work time during class in the last few weeks. It was just what we needed. It was mostly lecture with some fun activities. Lecture and worktime. Lectures helped give information for project. Lots of time to work on project. Lectures were not super helpful. Would have been more helpful to schedule meetings with faculty during that time to discuss product more. Mostly group work Mostly lecture in class with a few activities mixed in. N/a but loved the freedom of actually creating something Perfect balance between lectures and independent work time to work on our project. The class time is mostly lecture. The course is front-loaded and is very time demanding the first three to four weeks. However, towards the end of the term, class time is turned into time to work on your project. You are given a lot of time to work in class as well, usually the second hour of lecture. The lectures were not always helpful The mix was pretty good. Classroom time to work on the project was very useful and was an easy time to know that all group members would be available. The structure of the class was effective until the last 4 weeks of the term. Those classes were not very helpful. Those classes could be used to work on the prototypes There was a good mix of lecture and discussion. Too much lecture; more time could be spent on the project. Very little lecture. lecture lectures not necessary to do well in class mainly lecture but open for discussion if necessary was good mix of lecture, guest lecture, discussion, project work time 50% lecture, 50% hands on practice Great! loved how different the lectures were, how well-timed, and how applicable they were to our projects and our process. They group work time we got during lectures towards the end was very helpful. Many unnecessary presentations More discussion in class could\'ve been helpful. Class lectures had little to do with our project so if we could discuss how they things we learned could help us, it might improve the lectures. The lectures were helpful but it was the work outside the class that was the majority of the learning. could use more hands-on classes lecture and group work mostly lectures and group work the weeks that there was not really anything due were useful. they allowed us to dive in and focus on moving forward on our project. Class is mostly lecture, but the majority of this course is focused on your project that you work on outside of class. G Good balance Good mix. Great mix I think the course had a great structure. Large lectures Lecture was not terribly useful, and discussion was just group-work time. Lectures although interesting is seldom helpful in helping students complete project. Mostly lecture in the first half of the class and then time to work on project. Mostly lecture, but they are interesting and they discuss topics you don\'t encounter in other engineering classes. Mostly teamwork, with some lectures during class time Much of lecture was interesting, but not very pertinent to the course. Students often skipped class because the lecture weren\'t necessary. Please make this an individually graded class.  That we got a group grade allowed 2 members of our group to do almost nothing.  This was absolutely unacceptable, and I honestly don\'t know how you can continue to allow the class to operate in this way.  If the course were graded on individual effort, these two members WOULD HAVE LITERALLY FAILED.  This class kind of hurt my soul. The amount of group work outside class vs. lecture was a good mix. The class is mainly lecture and out of class work. The class mainly consisted of project work, which made sense The class was all lecture but often it ended early for us to have time to work with our groups on our projects. The class was primarily group-project based with several lectures. Some of the lectures incorporated some class discussion, but most of the collaborative work was done outside of class in our own groups. The labs were a bit overkill The lectures could def be improved and I think more class time to work on the project would be a good thing. The projects seem to be somewhat unrelated to the lectures. There was a great balance between lecture, discussion, and team-building opportunities. essentially all lecture in class, discussion outside of class good good mix of lecture and work days good mix, sometimes the classes felt a little unnecessary and just like he was talking to fill time made sense to the course mainly lecture and outside group work no complaints not enough discussion - All lecture, discussion outside of the class with group. All perfect Classes at beginning were helpful, but after a while, not as helpful. Lots of project time, especially at the end, was very helpful. Classtime was lecture and fairly dull. Doesn\'t really apply to ENGS 21, but I thought a bit more guidance in terms of some design concepts would have been helpful e.g. CAD. I enjoyed the class structure and felt that it was very effective for teaching. I liked the balance, and felt the lectures were important to helping the rest of the project. I think it was a nice mixture, but it was a little annoying when members of groups would not come and miss out on important information provided in the lectures. I think there were some redundant lectures I thought that lectures were meaningful, and plenty of group work discussion was facilitated/required to be successful in the class. It was mostly lectures and workshops, which felt appropriate Lecture is predominant for the first few weeks but disappears heading into week 3. Very project oriented. Lectures were always interactive and very engaging. Less scheduled class times would be fine. Mostly all lecture, but always opportunities to talk to professor outside of class. Not much discussion in the class. Lectures were quite interesting; however, not all of them were extremely useful to the project and often some were repetitive. However, the professor does make a note of this sometimes and encourages that if students believe their time would be better spent working on their project, they should do so! STOP MAKING THE GROUP FEEL LIKE W WHOLE, WHEN THERES USUALLY CONFLICT WITHIN THEM The lectures were hard to motivate to attend in the later half of the term because they stopped applying directly to the projects. The mix of lecture and discussion was appropriate, however the class schedule seemed to create a rushed period of time for which to build our product. The structure was a good balance of lecture and group work. Very well balanced We had lecture during class time, but the real work was done outside of the class. Continuing with HCD minor I am intending to pursue the Human Centered Design Minor. I definitely want to pursue engineering after this class I enjoy engineering I enjoyed this course immensely, and I took it hoping to figure out if I wanted to be an engineer, and now I know I do. I really liked this class although it was much more work than any other class I have taken here. I thought that this would be a awesome course to take at Dartmouth. I came off this with mixed feelings. I didnt learn as much I wanted to learn. I also was not very happy with the project that our group decided to do in the end, but there wasn\'t much that I could do to solve it. I took this class because I plan to minor in Human Centered Design.  I did not enjoy this course but plan to continue in the minor. I was interested in design and engineering and this class persuaded me to focus on design I was very interested to learn about using machines at the machine shop and physically creating working objects from scratch. I may have decided not to pursue engineering due to another class, but this class was the reason I was very hesitant about that decision, since the hands-on aspect was very enlightening. I wish to pursure more engineering courses It confirmed my decision on my major. It has reconfirmed that I want to major in engineering, as it was my first real engineering class. It helped me learn how to create a product from start to finish to address a problem. It influenced how I view actual engineering work for the job market It made a little bit frustrating about the use of Canvas because this course was so ineffective in that area. However, I enjoyed the process of building and developing a project. Unfortunately, I really didn\'t enjoy the project I was working at all, but the process of working as a team to finish it was exhilarating. I look forward to future project based classes in the ENGS department where I feel more enthusiastic about what I am actually working on. It made me enjoy engineering It really expanded my abilities tithing and work creatively, as well as built life long skills I will apply to many fields. It was my first project-based course and I loved it. I also had to take it for my Engineering major. MAde me less excited for further courses Overall very rewarding process and worth the work that it required. Reinforced my desire to become an engineer. The course was a great introduction to engineering and the different resources available to us at Thayer. This course was not very enjoyable. Thayer has so many great resources but does not know how to manage them. This class is a prime example of that. This course was simply different than any course I have taken so far. It certainly showed me significantly more about engineering than I knew before and gave me a much stronger idea of what being an engineer looks like outside of the classroom. This was a really fun and interesting course which positively influenced my experience. It was really cool getting to work on a project and build something over the course of a whole term This was an overall decent course. This was probably one of the most demanding courses I will ever take here. It also confirmed that I probably do not want to major in Engineering. This was the course I was looking forward to and one of the reasons I came to Dartmouth. I left it wondering if I still want to be an engineer or even go to Dartmouth. Waste of time. I did not get the engineering foundation I signed up for and I was deeply dismayed by the lack of organization, clarity and relevance with regards to this course\'s assignments. I tried to stay on top of my obligations and be diligent but the lack of communication made this near impossible. You need to give students more of a say in team formation. Most importantly, you must overhaul the lecture curriculum to explicitly teach the core tenets of engineering. Any outside STEM requirements (physics, coding, etc.) should either be provided through lecture or explicitly listed as a prerequisite for this class. Well encouraged me to pursue engineering degree ENGS 21 helped me familiarize with Thayer a bit, especially with the machine shop. Engs major I am confident to major in Engineering now I am inspired to pursue business, particularly design I liked it. I realized I enjoy the problem solving and design process but not as much the actual manufacturing and assembling I still really like Engineering! I\'m still pursuing engineering It helped me solidify my major choice It made me grateful for the opportunity to actually design stuff. I now am more ready and eager to conduct projects of my own design going forward. It made me thankful that I\'m an engs minor, since I don\'t think the style of engineering used in 21 is that valuable to me, personally. It was my first taste at engineering I’m still going to major in engineering! Loved the class. One of the better ones Na None. Now think very critically about solving problems This course helped me to determine real-world problems and to think of practical solutions. It helped me understand a lot about the economics and business side of the engineering sector as well. This course made me even more interested in continuing to pursue an engineering degree and made me very excited for what is to come next. This course made me hate other people This course reaffirmed my interest in engineering, but also taught me to focus in what interests me and to tackle meaningful problems. Very excited for more engineering classes! Will continue with engineering!  I loved this class, even with how much time and effort it took! a good course, would have been better to take earlier in my engineering education loved it - very positive made me want to continue engineering. Vicki was great, want to take more classes with her! Honestly, it gave more a horrible impression of engineering (mainly because of my interactions with the engineering majors in my group, not my professor). I am now contemplating dropping the design minor to avoid future classes in which I would be stuck to a group of people that are impossible to work with. I had high hopes for this class so I am pretty disappointed. I will continue taking ENGS courses, but I hope that I can have some more free time than I did during this course. It was my favorite class I\'ve every taken! Learned an insane amount, and definitely motivated me to keep taking more engs classes. It was also the most time consuming class I\'ve every taken so definitely taught me to time manage! Loved the course and engaging in group work and using the resources of Thayer. Taught me about difficulties of working in groups This was a wonderful way to be introduced the the variety of resources that thayer has available to it. was a fun and challenging class but I probably won\'t be an engineer Definitely made me love engineering more... confirmed my path towards a BE. Definitely worthwhile! G I am very excited to continue being an engineer I am very excited to continue with ENGS courses. I really enjoyed this course and am planning on continuing with engineering because of it. I will continue to pursue engineering in the future. I will take more ENGS courses It afforded me hands-on engineering experience. It convinced me engineering is something I\'m interested in. It gave me a better idea of what the Engineering industry looks like. It made me very excited about engineering and the relative ease it is to go from an idea to a solid product in 10 weeks. It provided me with opportunities to engage in hands-on engineering work that I hadn\'t been able to gain from other engineering courses previously. I feel much more practically competent now than I did before taking this course. It was a good introduction to engineering and the major. It was a positive experience for me! Overall. I think it is cool what a group can do in such a short time. And lecture was stimulating and interesting and totally complements the project. And you know what, this was a good introduction to engineering. Quite a unique class, and truly embodies the philosophies of Thayer that I buy into. Loved it, will continue with Engs. Making me reconsider engineering No influence, still want to be an engineer Overall, quite interesting, but would have been better if students were given more time to complete the project. Please make this an individually graded class.  That we got a group grade allowed 2 members of our group to do almost nothing.  This was absolutely unacceptable, and I honestly don\'t know how you can continue to allow the class to operate in this way.  If the course were graded on individual effort, these two members WOULD HAVE LITERALLY FAILED.  This class kind of hurt my soul. Positively! Still excited to study engineering. This course definitely taught me a lot about actually completing a design project as opposed to just learning on paper like other courses, and was probably the most stressful as well as the most rewarding class I\'ve taken here. It helps you get a bit of an idea of what real engineering is. It also helped me feel more confident presenting, which I appreciated. This course made me more set on doing engineering. This course taught me the importance of finding a good group to work with since in this class especially, it defined our class experience. As I struggled with my group, I realized that I should go into group classes with friends to ensure that I have hardworking, nice people to work with. This course was extremely valuable as I had was able to experience the engineering process firsthand. The course definitely motivated me to continue pursuing engineering here at Dartmouth. This was a great introduction to engineering good had to take. still an ENGS major, but def steering clear of the classic engineering style this course is based on. HUMAN-CENTERED DESIGN ALL THE WAY, BABY improved it it was a mostly negative experience n/a not good time consuming and made for a rough semester because I couldn\'t devote more time to my other hard classes As I mentioned above, this class had a huge impact on my academic experience! I think that a major factor which played a role in this was the welcoming, passionate, and exciting environment I felt at Thayer among faculty, staff, and students and in places like Couch Lab. Good project experience I absolutely loved this class. It made you use different disciplinary aspects of your knowledge to succeed in your project. I enjoyed it. I want to work in groups more often. I genuinely think it was a cool experience, but unfortunately, group members kind of dragged it down a little... I hated it but it made me want to be an engineer because it showed me the parts of it I could appreciate.  Informed my academic plan a lot. I hoped it would tell me more about whether I am suitable for engineering or not. I feel like under the right conditions many can succeed in this course, but don\'t know if it means they should major in ENGS. Still pursuing ENGS and looking forward to future courses. I learned a lot about the machine shop and feel more comfortable there. I also got to use different labs and feel more connected to the thayer community. I think this will be really helpful going forward in engineering. The attention to detail, testing, application of math and science, presentation skills, etc. will be very helpful. I really liked the hands-on aspect of designing a product, and I think that might influence the direction I take my engineering degree/concentration. I thought it gave me a great overview of the design and implementation process of being an engineer.  Very positive experience. I\'m most probably going to pursue engineering for my degree now. Incredible. I would take this course again and again, and I would learn something new each and every time. It challenged me a lot. It has confirmed I want to pursue an engineering major and BE It made me certain that I do not want to be an engineer It made me glad I am minoring, not majoring, in the engineering department. It made me like engineering! It made me love engineering, but hate the other students in the departmebt It really introduced me to thayer in such a interesting  way, I’m more comfortable in that space now which im excited about as a prospective  engineer. It solidified my desire to be an engineer. The course reaffirmed my enjoyment of and interest in engineering. This course inspired me to think about the small details of everyday products that I have often ignored, and to appreciate the process of problem-solving that led to the development of quality products.  It frequently engaged my intellectual curiosity in ways that allowed me to concretely apply much of the theory I have learned from other introductory courses. This course introduced me to several of the tools and resources offered through the Thayer School of Engineering. This experience allowed me to really experience how to engineer with a team. It showed me product design, implementation, testing,  testing, and more testing. It definitely solidified my interest in engineering as a career path! This was the first course for the engineering major where I felt like an engineer. I loved it. glad I took it. definitely an impactful course in which i learned lots of tangible info honestly this class kind of made me want to be an engineer again. I haven\'t had any other academic experience that was more satisfying than producing a physical, tangible product by the end. thank you for the class! kind of knew everything this class was supposed to teach me already -- if you\'ve already done something like this (ie engineering project in high school, problem solving class, dartmouth humanitarian engineering...) kind of a waste of time Great introduction to resources at thayer was excited about ENGS21, a bad group experience ruined it for me. There was only two of us doing any actual work. Other three never did much. Project was stressful as the workload was very unevenly distributed. This class was not, in my opinion, like what I had heard about it beforehand or read in the reviews in terms of time commitment, difficulty, etc. I wouldn\'t describe it as a crazy time commitment for the entire time, I\'d say it was comparable to any other STEM course for the first 7 weeks or so, with some spikes before the presentations, as would be expected. Then in the last 2 weeks, if you haven\'t been on top of everything perfectly, you realize you have about 10 days to build your entire device at which point it becomes a 4-8 hour per day commitment every day - I would say my group spent 25-30 hours working on the project and presentation week 9-10. I would not describe this course as fun; it\'s too stressful and too high stakes for that. Rewarding? Absolutely, by far the most rewarding course I\'ve taken at Dartmouth, it really shows you what you\'re capable of, and there\'s nothing quite like the feeling of finishing your project and walking out of the room from the final presentation knowing you were successful. I don\'t think I\'ve ever cared about a class more which was probably part of why it was so stressful. Collier was great and always more than happy to give ideas and help out with projects. My advice would be to stay on top of your project as early as possible to reduce how backloaded the course becomes, and don\'t get discouraged if you don\'t always get the best feedback from the review board, it happens but it will turn out ok! Professor Wegst really dedicates herself to this class -- she\'s always in Couch for extra help and to meet with groups and responds to emails at all times of the day and night. As everyone says, this is no easy class; there is a lot of work to do (three increasingly long and difficult reports throughout the term). As long as you have a good group, the work is all divided across the group so it\'s manageable. Overall a fantastic experience and a true staple Thayer class. A fun course, though a substantial time commitment. That said, it\'s not the kind of grindy how-the-heck-do-I-solve-this-calculus kind of time commitment; the hours mostly go into building a thing which is really low stress (provided it\'s not last minute). Aside from that there are 3ish progress reports that have very specific rubrics, so follow them to the T. You really learn a lot about making stuff, and you have what seems like every possible resource at your disposal: experts, machinery, materials, money, etc. Interesting class, awesome professor, good project-based introduction to engineering, good opportunity to be creativeCourse: For engineering it\'s obviously useful, but the name of the course makes it seem as if you will touch on the different types of engineering and explore the fields. In reality, it is more of a product design/business planning course that allows you to experience the process of product design and selling your product. Definitely take this with easier courses because it is time consuming (a surprising amount of writing as well!) Professor: Professor Wegst is very kind and passionate and will help guide you if your team is caught in a jam. Workload: This class does take up a lot of time! Do not take a 4-course term or other fundamental classes with this unless you truly believe you can manage your time wisely and be an influential part of your group simultaneously.