All evaluation was based on projects and course readings. This made us solely focused on our tasks at hand while getting a better understanding of how it relates to the bigger picture of design thinking through the readings. Great because we had a rubric to go by. Reading logs and design logs ensured that we were held accountable. Lots of work, but most of it really seemed fair. Seemed pretty fair. Lots of projects and a ridiculous workload, but the grading is pretty lenient. I find it hard to believe you wouldn\'t get an A or an A- as long as you put in the effort.The project workload was nuts but it was absolutely worth it. The projects that we did led us through a logical progression in design thinking and group dynamics. The workload is far too much, in my opinion. Design Thinking can be a challenging, demanding class if need be, but I think there needs to be a balance. Workload was large but fulfilling.  Vast majority of grade was project based.  I liked that we all got the chance to comment on team member’s contributions. i knew going in that this course is a heavy course load, but it was heavier than i expected. i wish that the amount of time was reflected better in some way (maybe a part of reflection that asks students to estimate hours spent?) The projects were heavy on work, but the overall evaluation was very fair. big workload, I knew that would be the case. Lived up to my expectations. Only work I didn\'t enjoy was the design log because I would always forget to do my \'lists\' until the day of. primarily grades hinged on design logs, reading logs, and projects. Which to me seems fair.6 projects, a reflection after each one, will take up a lot of timeAll assessments were projects that were excellent at testing various asepcts of the design process.Good mix of evaluation methods, can the reading logs and design logs be due less often? I loved that it was a project course.The workload was definitely intense, but we were warned at the beginning of the course so I believe it was fair.There is a big time commitment expected of the class, but it is something that is made very clear at the beginning of the term. This course is 6 projects spaced throughout the term as well as weekly journals and readings. No papers, tests, or exams.  Nothing felt pointless or redundant. Weekly projects - it is a LOT of work, but fun work Enjoyed the projects instead of papers and exams, workload was a lot at times - perhaps either decreasing or evening out workload or giving warning in advance Evaluation based on presentation seemed appropriate to me I think the % team evaluations part of the reflection can be a bit misleading as stated above. It is a good way of keeping everyone on the team accountable but only seems useful for very outlier cases (if that\'s the only case that it really affects the participation grade already though, then that\'s all fine). Projects projects projects projects. This class is fun but by goodness it requires time!! It will be a bear if you do not have the time to give!  Also, weekly reading logs and design logs were required. Projects were all great, the rollercoaster one seemed a little too rushed but other than that it was all good, but a lot of work. Projects, readings, and design logs felt like a heavy workload, but not unmanageable. The final grade is primarily based on performance on the six projects. The rest of the grade is based on participation and completion of reading/design logs. The grade breakdown and evaluation method was definitely fair and representative of the entire term, which I appreciated. The workload was a bit on the heavier side, though I do appreciate the front-loaded nature of the course. It comes in especially handy during finals season. This class was a lot of work, but there were no exams. It was evaluated primarily based on six projects (with some of the grade based on participation, commitment, readings, and design logs). Workload was unevenly distributed according to grade weight. Rollercoaster project took a lot more time than Digital Dreams, but received a lot less weight.Effective projects - great method of examinations projects were fun! see comment above about teams. 6 projects throughout the term, 4 group and one individual.  Most of the projects have a presentation attached to them as well. All readings and projects. Huge workload, but I like that there were no tests and that the main method of evaluation was just our designs/presentations. I also liked that there were other things like the logs that we just had to do and turn in so that our entire grade wasn\'t just based off the presentations, so if we had a bad group or a rough week, it didn\'t completely tank our grade. I liked some of the projects. I was not the biggest fan of Digital Dreams because, fundamentally, I do not like dreaming about tomorrow\'s solutions, which often tend to be bad predictions anyway, I prefer sticking with what I can achieve today. I loved all of the projects we had to do because they were challenging and forced us to really push ourselves. It\'s a lot of work, but mostly front loaded at the beginning of the term, and it does help you learn. Workload is extremely high but that\'s what makes the class interesting an fulfilling, all projects was good all project-based. expected workload is very high but worth it once you\'re done lots lots of hands on work which is refreshing compared to the monotony of reading/writing constantly (especially as a freshman in the freshman writing tack). Workload is definitely sizable. Struggled with it especially after my layup turned out not to be so easy. Also, the bulk of the time commitment isn\'t even in the work itself, but being available for your group and working out 3-4 people\'s busy schedules.  I really like the methods of evaluation in this class. The readings and design logs were a great way of keeping students focused on the class materials. All group projects (6 of various lengths). Design and Reading Log notebook checks. As said many times, ENGS12 is a great class.  You refine useful skills applicable to the real world.  Specifically you get good at working in groups with teammates who often don’t agree with you and presenting your ideas effectively in presentations through many reps (6 projects).  This class covers identifying problems users/customers face through interviewing and observing customers, creatively devising solutions, implementing prototypes and receiving user feedback.   I suspect these skills are all very relevant to careers in product management and startups.  Like everyone says, ENGS 12 is a ton of work.  I think I put in 20+ hours per week on a few of the projects.  The only class I put in more work for was COSC 65 Smartphone Programming with Prof. Andrew Campbell.  The first ENGS 12 project was a bit dull - making creative variations of cut out shapes.  But don’t be phased - each project is more interesting and useful than the project before it.  The Professor and his co-Professor have put a great amount of work and thought into making every piece of this class useful to students and their effort shines through in the many great aspects of the course.  Take this class! Hm — well, we didn\'t really have tests, papers, or traditional forms of examinations, but I thought the grading for each project was pretty fair overall. I do wish the professor elaborated more on some of the comments he\'d leave in rubrics, though. I think they were fair, but the workload is a bit absurd. Maybe cutting back on the weekly readings would make things easier. I thought the independent readings weren\'t super necessary to the overall learning. I wish deadlines could have been past 2am - say 6am. The workload was a lot, but it was worth it. This class was definitely a lot of work but I got used to it as the term went on. The evaluation was based on presentations, reading and design logs and checkups as projects went on. This was a project-based class, with 6 projects making up 65% of the grade and weekly logs, readings, and participation making up the rest. The workload is VERY heavy- you should expect to spend at least 20 hours a week outside of class. This class uses all x-hours and the 10A section met half and hour early for a few classes. they worked well I think all the assignments and evaluations were fair. I think the reading amount per week was a little much especially as the readings got a little repetitive. At the beginning of the term each reading was so interesting but as they became repetitive and mentioned the same concepts/ concepts we already learned about in class, they were a little slower and more boring.   The class had no examinations, just projects, which I feel were graded extremely fairly especially through team evaluations having an impact as well, as the team part is so so important. Methods were useful and appropriate The projects were a lot of work but very informative and each growing experiences in their own right. The projects were difficult but fun. The reflection after each project can be a bit worrying. I felt as if I needed to impress my peers in order to get a good score. This course requires a lot of outside work, but this was clearly explained by the professor in the syllabus and on the first day of class. Having this course as a project-based class made sense given the course topic. All methods of evaluation in the class made sense. Overall I found the grading in the class to be very fair. Most importantly, I felt that there was a purpose behind each assignment. All projects (6 of them), reading log & design log to be turned in every week Everything is project-based. It takes a ton of time, but you will feel so proud of what you\'ve accomplished afterwards. He was very fair in evaluating. Projects, reading logs, design logs, reflections  All relevant, and you would do well if you put in the effort Projects, reflections, these two made for a very comprehensive design experience, in-depth learning and personal improvement.  Projects also encouraged learning of new skills, like photoshop and video editing! So helpful!!!  I didn\'t feel the required readings were that helpful, as they were time-consuming and thus heavily de-prioritized in favor of project work. I feel the reading information could be delivered in a more intuitive way, especially since many of them reiterated concepts gone over in class, just with more words. The methods of evaluation for this course were fair and reflected the amount of work put in my students There were 6 projects total for this class. 2 individual and 4 group. This class required a lot of work, but the students are aware of that going in We had six different projects throughout the term as well as weekly reading and design logs. The workload for this course was heavy, but that was expected from the get-go of this course. I think part of the pressure of this course was due to the shortened winter term. Even an additional day to complete some of the projects would have been very helpful, but it was not a possibility due to the speed of the term.all projects based. Class sessions themselves were some of the most interesting classes I\'ve attended. The lectures were good and punctuated by activities, mini assignments, music, videos, etc. those were fun. On days when we were all presenting, they were kind of brutal, but that\'s the nature of the beast. Every class was very interactive and that made for an exciting, fresh experience every day. Loved how open the dialogue was throughout the course. Loved the balance of interactive work, time given to work on projects, and Eugene\'s stories. The class is a beautiful mix of lecture and interactive activities. I was never bored by an unnecessarily long lecture and always felt like I had been given exactly the knowledge I needed to work on whatever task we were given in class and beyond. The structure of class was very intentional and carefully planned. I think it worked. Very interactive and a healthy balance. Am super happy with my experience!  lots of opportunities for students to engage in discussion. maybe find a way to encourage and make it easier for quieter students to speak up? 50/50. Sometimes Prof. Robbie had slides and other classes were  work-hours . One class was an Improv workshop which I LOVED! Uses all x-hours. Class was primarily lectures, unless we had a pretty important project, then it was just time given to work on said project. I think the class was a good mixture of lecture and feedback/work sessions, although I definitely think some of the feedback sessions could be turned into work sessions. For example, by shortening the feedback portion and allowing project groups to brainstorm how to implement feedback right then and there in class, the feedback would be more effective as it would be more fresh in people\'s minds. It is also so difficult to meet as a four-person (sometimes even three-person) group sometimes with balancing everyone\'s schedules! The classes could be tedious at times when working on the projects, but the other lectures about general design were very interesting. Would prefer more lecture good mix, I liked group work- made the 10A slot go by faster. 40%  lecture  (very engaging and doesn\'t feel like most lectures) and 60% discussion/group collaboration Good classroom mix Good mix Good mix between lecture and group discussions or activities I believe the mix was sufficient. I liked that there wasn\'t always lecturing or discussing, there was a good balance. Need more discussion built into the class, as it felt like a two hour lecture at times. The class is a mix of lecture and discussion, with lots of classroom participation required in feedback sessions. n/a A very interactive class! Very little lecture, and all helpful lecture. Each class felt like a completely different format. Sometimes we would use class to give presentations, sometimes we would use class to work with our project groups, and other times Robbie would lecture for a majority of the class. Fast paced Good, nice mix of lecture and discussion. I never felt like I was being talked at and was engaged during class time. Great balance, but I thought we could have had a little more time to work on our projects in class. Great! Group work and lecture, very interactive class I liked the mix of lecture and peer feedback. I think the balance was good It seemed like a good mixture of lecture, discussion, and class activities. N/a Would like more in class time to work on the projects, lectures sometimes felt repetitive with the readings effective Great! Eugene  lectures  on design tools and processes I suppose, but it feels more like discussion.  There is no class where Eugene talks the whole time or only speaks at us. Hands on learning, discussions, some (but very little) lecture. I liked how the class was not lecture-based, but rather more hands-on and involved with the students. I think it would have been interesting to have more in-class discussions It\'s really almost entirely projects. Lectures didn’t feel like lectures because they were fun and the slides were engaging, and there were often activities for us to do in our moleskins. I liked having some time to discuss our readings and I think it’s important to continue to do so, but I felt that these discussions always felt a little disjointed from the rest of class because they were short, at a random time during the class, and felt somewhat insignificant since you rarely talked about them. I usually felt stimulated and enjoyed myself in class.  X-hours were a bit exhausting at times and tended to feel a little more dry. very good mix As said many times, ENGS12 is a great class.  You refine useful skills applicable to the real world.  Specifically you get good at working in groups with teammates who often don’t agree with you and presenting your ideas effectively in presentations through many reps (6 projects). This class covers identifying problems users/customers face through interviewing and observing customers, creatively devising solutions, implementing prototypes and receiving user feedback.   I suspect these skills are all very relevant to careers in product management and startups. Like everyone says, ENGS 12 is a ton of work.  I think I put in 20+ hours per week on a few of the projects.  The only class I put in more work for was COSC 65 Smartphone Programming with Prof. Andrew Campbell. Take this class! Classes were about 1/3 lecture, 2/3 group activities and critiques of projects. X-hours were used for supplemental skills like photoshop, video editing, etc. I really liked how Professor Robbie mixed up the class style with improv, group discussions, sharing our ideas with other groups and lectures. He also made sure the lectures were fun by including fun videos in each one. I really liked the structure of the class - especially when we embraced moments to get up and move around with the improv excercises. Despite being a two hour class, it never felt long! I always felt engaged by the presentations. I think it was perfect. I thought the class was well-structured overall. Loved the in-class balance. The professor had engaging lectures and favored class discussions. fun lectures/discussions on the current projects and design thinking pretty good, I wish we had more time to work on projects un class Class was never boring, always something different. Discussions, games, videos, presentations, lectures all mixed up in one great package Discussion/activity centered with some lecture and it was perfect and as I said before so engaging It was a perfect mixture of lectures and discussions. I would not suggest any structural changes. Perfect breakdown. Structure was appropriate for the course The structure of the class was fine. I liked how sometimes the class was a break from our projects. The structure of the class was solid and never boring however, please limit the dance parties for the introverts in the class. There was an appropriate mix between lecture and group discussion. Overall, it was evident that the professor had given a lot of thought to the course structure and how he could best maximize his interactions with students in class. More often we were working in groups, having discussions based on what Professor Robbie just lectured about or doing a design exercise or getting feedback on our ideas. Good mix of discussion and lecture, but I think there was too much abstraction to get lost in. We spent the majority of each project looking for needs, HMWs, POVs, and a bunch of other stuff that didn\'t feel entirely helpful. Usually the solution we went with felt graspable with much less need finding. Good mix! Discussion when needed like at the end of projects, and lecture reserved for important concepts and examples. It was a mixture of lecture and discussion, in that we had time to work on our projects Lecture and in-class group work/critiques The lectures were always engaging and relevant. We were also given plenty of time to get feedback from our classmates when we were working on projects. There was a very good mix between lecture and discussion. This class is usually a lot of fun. Very rarely was there a lecture for the full 2 hours. A designated break time during the 2 hour period would have been nice. Somedays there was a designated class break time but not always. lecture and LOTS of group work. During the first day of class, I thought, design minor? And because of this class, I now want to minor in design. Eugene is an excellent professor and I couldn\'t express that more highly. I LOVE THIS COURSE I WANT MORE CLASSES LIKE IT I WANT TO MAJOR IN ENGS 12 I literally do not know my major but I know I want to minor in Human Centered Design because of this course. So it\'s safe to say that this class had an immense influence on my academic experience. It didn\'t a whole lot. I learned a ton and thought it was generally worthwhile, but not much else. Confirmed for me that I would not do the Senior Design Challenge. Probably won\'t major in engineering or HCD or anything like that, but I really enjoyed the course! The structure of this class is unlike anything I\'d even taken before. I think that taking this class rounded out my academic experience and showed me what a professor can really do in a 10A time slot. This course did far more than influence my academic experience at Dartmouth. It wouldn\'t be a stretch to say that it has changed my overall experience with LIFE. This class made me realize that the world is filled with opportunities for improvement. Now I actually feel empowered to start working at problems of any scale, whether it is work for a class, some larger project at Dartmouth, something in my own life, or even something in the world. This class changed me like no other in the past has, and I doubt any will in the future. This course gave me tools that I look forward to carrying into all my future classes. From brainstorming and problem solving to care in craftsmanship. This course solidified my desire to learn more about Human-centered design. Yes definitely, it will frame my whole college career as well as the frat of life. loved it! will encourage many other students to take engs12 and other HCD classes! Design Thinking really is a great course! It changed the way I approach problems and think about solutions. I only wish I had taken it sooner! I loved this class and I\'m thinking of taking ENGS 21 because I really like the problem-solving component. It makes me interested in the human-centered design minor. Positively Taught me new ways to think and how to work with a group- particularly with difficult groups. I have heard that this class is one you need to take at dartmouth- I agree. Well structured and although I won\'t continue w engineering classes, I\'m glad I took it. This course has been incredible. It has changed how I view the ENGS department, and I will surely be taking more of these classes at Dartmouth. Exceeded expectations by a lot. HCD minor I may pursue the human centered design minor. I want to pursue a human centered design minor now! I wish I had taken it sooner. It was an incredible course that has changed my perspective on what I want to study! I definitely want to pursue the HCD minor now. This class opened my eyes to the Human-Centered Design minor and gave me a fantastic set of heuristics for tackling creative problems. This course will have a massive positive impact on my Dartmouth experience. This course has made me think differently about how to solve problems and has given me a new perspective on life and the world...in the best way possible.  It also has made me want to get more into video and film editing which I know sounds so random but it really showed me how we can use different mediums to convey the same messages as we do in papers or more academic, formal writing.  Which is not something I expected from an engineering course. Will continue to take design courses n/a Gave me a new way to think of solving problems and finding solutions I now want to go into design. I really appreciate how this course wasn\'t just a course, but it was really a tool to re-shape the way I think about how I go about my work and life. It also makes me more excited to sign up for more design-related coursework in the future! I think this course really positively affected my outlook on problem solving and potential as a whole. It seems like a great and healthy way of learning that all Dartmouth students could really benefit from trying. I\'m glad that I took this class because I think that it greatly enhanced by ability to work well in a group setting and be a team player. Introduced me to Thayer! Made me wonder if I should be an engineer....but also reconnected me with my creative side It has definitely been a bright spot, and I hope to complete the minor as well Loved it, going to take more human-centered design in the future Positively This class encouraged me to step outside my comfort zone and think outside the box. This was one of the best courses that I have taken. I\'m really glad that i took it as a freshman because I think that many of the skills are transferrable. Will minor in HCD. i\'m more insightful; i know more about team-work after this class than ever before; i LOVE Thayer and am considering Engineering so I\'m looking forward to ENGS21 this winter; it was great, i made a lot of new friends and i also learned about a couple new things about the world and campus.Extremely positive, best class I have ever taken I am just starting so I do not think I can provide much of an answer to this question. I do hope that I will get more chances to use these tools especially as I am involved in the arts. I will also use the life design skills which, I guess, also involve Dartmouth. I definitely plan to pursue the human centered design minor after taking this class, and I hope to take advantage of many design opportunities throughout my Dartmouth career.  I am very interested in design now. I will now become a human-centered design minor because of this class! Oh boy.  I’m worried that my favorite class of Dartmouth is already behind me.  I pretty much took this class on a whim, and now I think product design is what I want to do for the rest of my life, so I would say this class has pretty profoundly impacted what my Dartmouth experience will look like. One of the best classes at Dartmouth. 10/10 in every way. One thing I noticed in myself is that I am much less reserved in my ideas. Even in talking to my friends or parents, if an idea comes to mind I\'ve gotten in the habit of just saying it aloud-- regardless of it\'s quality. I\'ve certainly said some silly things but I\'ve also said some good ideas, and I\'m excite dto bring that with me in future classes/projects at Dartmouth. This course was beyond academics for me great class to take. non-major related but prompted me to explore more classes in this department/related classes this is the best and most fun class I have ever taken. This class has made me realize my passion for design and has caused me to rethink my planned major to be more design-focused very positively As said many times, ENGS12 is a great class.  You refine useful skills applicable to the real world.  Specifically you get good at working in groups with teammates who often don’t agree with you and presenting your ideas effectively in presentations through many reps (6 projects).  This class covers identifying problems users/customers face through interviewing and observing customers, creatively devising solutions, implementing prototypes and receiving user feedback.   I suspect these skills are all very relevant to careers in product management and startups.  Like everyone says, ENGS 12 is a ton of work.  I think I put in 20+ hours per week on a few of the projects.  The only class I put in more work for was COSC 65 Smartphone Programming with Prof. Andrew Campbell.  The first ENGS 12 project was a bit dull - making creative variations of cut out shapes.  But don’t be phased - each project is more interesting and useful than the project before it.  The Professor and his co-Professor have put a great amount of work and thought into making every piece of this class useful to students and their effort shines through in the many great aspects of the course.  Take this class! Because of this class, I have realized that technology and design are what move this world. Thus, I hope that I will be able to use these two tools to make a difference in my community. Confirmed my interest in the Human-Centered design minor! I am now going to pursue a Human-Centered Desing minor. It sucked time from my other classes, but I feel like I learned so much so it was worth it It was difficult taking this course alongside CS10 and a rather difficult WRIT5, but I think I was happier each day because of this course and the people it introduced me to. It made me a better teammate, engineer, and student; it rounded me out, so to speak. (And that\'s not just a reference to all the junk food the TAs brought in to Couch at 10pm, which I would consume voraciously.) Solidified my interest in the HCD minor! This course has definitely sparked an interest for me in Human Center Design minor. This was a great class that taught me a lot. I\'m not sure if I will pursue a human-centered design minor, but I will definitely try to take more classes along the same lines. really improved my term and Dartmouth experience. I am now considering a human-centered design minor. -Made me reframe everything I know and consider how the world works in a whole different way -Taught me empathy when I thought I already had empathy After taking this course, I am now strongly considering the minor in Human-Centered Design. I also feel like this course gave me a new way to think about problems which I will apply to all of my future classes at Dartmouth as well as my life after Dartmouth. Changed it completely!!! Made my realize that school is not all about tests and papers and assignments and finding your major. My mind is so much more open and I have ENGS 12 to thank. I have such high praises to say for this class. Already wish I could take it again I think I really needed it to feel a bit more keyed into Dartmouth at this point in my academic career. It greatly improved my presentation skills and my confidence. The content was applicable to all future designing and group work The course helped me to discover and develop my passion for Human-Centered Design. I am thinking about pursuing the field as my minor. This course gave  me more insight as to what I want to do in the future and helped me understand things in a new way. This was an amazing class and a class I think most people would benefit from. After taking this course, I have decided I want to pursue a minor in Human Centered Design. I really wish this was a major because this class has been by far my favorite so far at Dartmouth. Encourages me to take courses in departments that I find interesting and engaging, rather then courses to fulfill requirements. Hands down this course has taught me the most about good group dynamics and my role as a contributor within a group. I absolutely loved this course! It definitely made me want to do the HCD minor. It really pushed me in a way to think creatively that I have never done at Dartmouth I don\'t want to be dramatic and say it was life-changing, but... it was kind of life-changing. Academically, I definitely want to continue to learn about design and find intersections between my creative and technical sides, but this class also just made me more confident to try new academic paths (prototyping my life!) and share my ideas with others and create new things. I would just like to comment on how high-quality and in-depth of a course this was. It really taught me all the basics of design through very intuitive, open-ended and fun project assignments! For one who enjoys designing things, this was a great opportunity. For the pace of the course, I learned A LOT.   I definitely would like to apply design concepts in the future! This class has offered me a new set of skills as I continue in my studies at Dartmouth, which I can use to design new approaches for classes, obstacles, scheduling, and group settings with a new frame of mind. I am HUGELY thankful for this class, it has helped me in so many ways, and was just a fantastic experience in general!  That being said, I\'m mostly set in a different path (CS) and continue to feel a bit apprehensive about the ENGS path - I think after taking this class, I don\'t really feel like the major/minor is for me. However, the concepts learned in this course are hugely applicable in every sense of the word, such as for programming, designing apps, research, group planning, just problem solving in general, and for my future, this course has offered a LOT to work with!   Thank you for this class! It made me think  how can I fix this?  whenever I come across a problem now, which is very valuable to me, and i\'m very happy I took this class. Reshaped my way of thinking. Best class yet! Very cool course to take, in a department outside of my major. totally changed the way I thought about how I do essential things like e.g. brainstorming etc taught me different strategies for learning and working in a group. This class really bulked up my resume lmao it was awesome. A looot of grinding especially during weeks 3-5 and during the final project, and at times I definitely felt like I was just doing busywork. But Eugene is so approachable and cares about everyone\'s wellbeing -- he started every class by asking about people\'s immune systems and he gave us all Nutella on World Nutella Day (which is February 4 so take this class in the winter) and he\'s also passionate about making teams that gel and helping solve conflicts when they come up, because they will. I have so much in my portfolio now thanks to the projects I did this term -- like Final Cut Pro/iMovie and Photoshop skills, tactile design of prototypes, needfinding, ideation, interviewing, teamwork and conflict resolution, innovation and creative problem solving, and clear presentation skills. I\'m continuing the work I did on my final project into the spring with the DALI Lab, which is obviously a great way to show me that the work I did in this class is important. Also you bond so well with people in your class and it\'s such an experience. I\'m only a freshman but this was the first and hopefully not the last example of truly fulfilling work I\'ve found at Dartmouth.  This course is definitely heavy on group projects. That being said, don\'t take it if you\'re the type of person who chronically relies on other people in your groups to handle the work... whether it\'s because you\'re lazy, or because you\'re afraid of messing something up. If it\'s the latter, it is ALWAYS BETTER TO AT LEAST TRY. If you freeload, you are NOT going to do well in this class: your individual grade for each project is adjusted based on your contributions. The profs figure out how much each person contributed to a project by asking everyone to write an evaluation after each one. In the evaluation, students are prompted to estimate — percentage by percentage — the amount of work each teammate put in; then, they\'ll list the things their teammates did to justify that percentage breakdown. People in this class are good and reasonable, in that they won\'t unfairly mark you down or anything. But they\'ll be honest about whether someone worked a lot more than the rest — or a lot less than the rest. This class really encourages everyone to put in their due diligence and work collaboratively as a team; I definitely had mostly good experiences with the group projects, and so did everyone else. But for the one bad experience I had... well, it was bad. Thankfully, Prof. Robbie was very empathetic about the whole thing when I spoke to him about it. So if you\'re having troubles with your group, I highly recommend speaking to your prof. They\'ll understand.  As said many times, ENGS12 is a great class. You refine useful skills applicable to the real world. Specifically you get good at working in groups with teammates who often don’t agree with you and presenting your ideas effectively in presentations through many reps (6 projects). This class covers identifying problems users/customers face through interviewing and observing customers, creatively devising solutions, implementing prototypes and receiving user feedback. I suspect these skills are all very relevant to careers in product management and startups. Like everyone says, ENGS 12 is a ton of work. I think I put in 20+ hours per week on a few of the projects. The only class I put in more work for was COSC 65 Smartphone Programming with Prof. Andrew Campbell. The first ENGS 12 project was a bit dull - making creative variations of cut out shapes. But don’t be phased - each project is more interesting and useful than the project before it. Professor Robbie and his co-Professor have put in a great amount of work and thought into making every piece of this class great and useful to students and their effort shines through in the many excellent aspects of the course. Take this class! I have never written a review on here before, but I felt the need after taking the class with Eugene this last term. HE IS AMAZING. Honestly, the best professor I have had at Dartmouth, he is so engaging and it is clear that he spends so much time preparing for each lecture and activity. He takes time during class to let students voice their opinions about the class structure and curriculum, and actually makes changes based on how the student are doing. The class is mostly projects, many of them are group projects. It\'s a lot of work, about 15/20 hours per week with additional readings, so definitely don\'t take this with two other time consuming classes. A lot of people told me this class was life changing, and although that might be a little over-hyped, ENGS 12 did teach me so much about design thinking and creative problem solving, skills that will definitely be useful no matter where you end up. Take it with Eugene, you won\'t regret it.  ENGS12 is the best class I have ever taken. As all the previous reviews have stated, Eugene is an amazing prof who really cares about the success and well-being of his students. Every day of class is an amazing experience to look forward to, even if the amount of work can seem absurd at some times. Some highlights of the class include a well-curated reading list and the rollercoaster project, but each aspect of the class was valuable in its own way. I highly recommend this class as it teaches real-world skills that can\'t be learned in a traditional setting-- even if you\'re scared that this class will be too much work take it anyways because if you wait til senior year to take this class you\'ll regret not taking it earlier. ENGS12 will change your life.This is possibly one of the best courses you can ever take at Dartmouth. Like most of the reviews state, the class is around 15-20 hours of work a week, excluding the readings you have to complete every week in the term. You are assigned six projects throughout the term, two of which are by yourself. Each project is meant to develop your skills at individual steps in the design process. You are graded primarily on how well you were able to execute the process rather than the final product. As long as you put in the effort, you will get an A. With that said, please do not take this course focusing on your grade but rather prioritize learning the material. You\'ll surely enjoy the course this way, especially with Eugene. This class was amazing! It teaches you so much more than the aspects of design thinking: it transforms the way in which you think and view the world. Eugene was one of my favorite professors ever! He is so engaging and energetic. Every class was a new adventure and I was truly sad when it ended. Not to mention his slides are a work of art- and he expects yours to be as well. The class is a series of 6 projects, mainly group projects and all very fast past. Don\'t be scared of the fact that it is mainly group projects for Eugene will teach you to love group projects by teaching how to effectively work in a group and set standards/expectations for the group. Also do not be scared if you do not consider yourself a creative person: creativity is a skill that needs to be fine-tuned and practiced like anything else. Each project is engaging and focuses on improving a different skill or different set of skills. If you take this class to be prepared for some late nights: this class is a lot of hours, but fun hours. You are not reading from a textbook until 2 am. Instead, you are building prototypes or coming up with ideas. The things this class teaches you will permeate into other aspects of your life. I would recommend this class to everyone who is considering it! It changes the way you think. Everyone gets an A as long as you put in the enormous amount of work that comes along with the class. This term we met every X hour and about 1/3 of the time we started at 9am and went until 11:50am. It\'s a once in a lifetime class and I would HIGHLY recommend. Best class I\'ll take at Dartmouth and I have 3 more years to go. I took this after an alumna suggested it over the summer and I\'m so, so glad that I did. It was initially intimidating to be a younger kid in a class of juniors/seniors, but the collaborative nature of the course/the difficulty to actually get in made the class cohesive. I never would have set foot in Thayer/known about the Human Centered Design minor without this course. The material really is applicable to any field -- if we had a consulting minor, it definitely would fall under it (more about process and thinking than concrete knowledge or facts). 11/10 would recommend. Design Thinking is a methodology for creativity -- you learn a way of approaching (and eventually solving) problems that encourages brainstorming, lateral thinking, and user research. This class is incredible -- you do all kinds of fun/crazy projects, readings are very interesting, classes are always varied and engaging. Robbie is personable, down to earth, and excited about what he\'s teaching -- and always available in his office for a chat. But beware: this class will take over your life. I\'ve never put more effort towards each percentage point of a grade for a class before. Weekly reading logs mean you actually have to do the reading (plus some independent reading on your own that you take notes on). Not to mention weekly or bi-weekly projects (mostly group projects) that will be a LOT of work. (But I think most of this is because people in the class put a lot of effort into the assignments because they want a great final product). Summary: Best class I\'ve taken at dartmouth. EVERYONE should take this. Such an incredible experience -- and the skills you take from this class will serve you for a long time. I\'ve talked about this class in every job interview I\'ve had this fall... it\'s unusual, unique, and applicable to real-life. TAKE IT.Best course I have even taken. Loads of work but also so much fun. prof robbie is awesome. he invited the class over to his house for dinner twice. short and interesting readings. we had to keep a reading log which was really annoying... the projects were SO much fun. lots of group work. you only got to choose your partner(s) for the last project though. the projects require no math skill or actual engineering background, just an interest in creativity and invention. you\'d be surprised what you can create--Prof Robbie, the assignmnents, and the class bring it out of you though!! i would say TAKE IT if you have the time. and you get to use the couch design lab in thayer engineering!! There are 6 projects total in the course. The projects don\'t really increase in difficulty, but rather in the amount of time that needs to be spent on them. Most of the projects are group projects. I would suggest NOT taking this course as the third course or just something easy to take, because it will eat up a lot of your time, especially with the group projects. But if you are looking for a fun and interesting TAS credit and don\'t mind work, then I highly recommend this class to you.excellent course!!! highly recommended! robbie is great! but watch out b/c he\'s a subjective grader. but gives everyone fair grades.not like the typical academic class. projects were interesting and challenging in a creative way. But I say this only as a warning, I would ABSOLUTELY recommend this class to anyone interested in design! Not as great as I had hoped. Subjective grading like you wouldn\'t believe. It\'s quite frustrating. Robbie is kind of annoying, I\'ve decided. Very vague at times, especially with the specifics of projects. Great Class. Robbie is fun and kind of a space cadet at times, but he makes himself available. At times it is hard to judge his level of enthusiasm. The class: the readings were extremely interesting. You can read the course reader like a novel (skipping some sections of course). But the log-book was kind of ill-conceived. The projects demand considerable time, but are not too straining. Because of the subjective nature of the grading it\'s hard to tell what you\'re going to get, but if you put in the time, are not overtly rude, and produce good stuff you should get an A or A- for sure. But it is a wonderful class! and I learned a ton and might now be thinking about developing products myself! Take it. This class teaches you how to see the world in an entirely new way. The lectures, projects, and readings expose you to a world of innovative ideas and emphasize the scientific thought and research behind design. You will learn the power of design to change human behavior and the world, and partake in creating exciting designs as your assignments. Workload is not too bad, you get out of it what you put into it. A great class, and prof. Robbie is awesome - he\'ll invite the class to his house for dinner at the end of the term and is always available and encouraging of student ideas. this class was fun and a nice change from reading and writing all the time. some of the projects i thought were kinda stupid...and people who have design/photoshopping or whatever experiences clearly had an edge. overall though i enjoyed myself. This is a great class for humanities people to get a TAS and lab out of the way. The projects are actually really fun. It starts off kind of daunting and the first project is very hands-on/artistically oriented, but if you are better at powerpoints and ideas rather than arts and crafts, don\'t worry. There is a lot of work, but it\'s manageable. Professor Robbie is GREAT, the class is work, but LOTS of fun and very interesting. Would highly recommend this class (esp. if Robbie is teaching it) to ANYONE. This course is amazing. The subtitle should be \'applied creativity\'. You explore lots of different facets of product design, from prototyping to user research via brainstorming and lateral thinking. You do a number of projects throughout the term, alone and in teams, and each one is unique and interesting. Overall, while you\'ll spend some time on this course, none of it will ever feel like work because it\'s so much fun. Robbie is awesome too, very accessible and encouraging. Clearly knows his stuff. He also invited the whole class to a dinner at his house, which was phenomenal. Seriously, take this class. You won\'t regret it. This is definitely a project course, and expect to spend a lot of time on your designs and prototypes outside of class. You\'ll spend a lot of time in the project room of Thayer, but if you enjoy having access to a variety of professional-level tools, you\'ll have a good time. Course covers everything from designing furniture to form+function thought to social experiments. Project room contains large amounts of foam core, foam, plastic and silicone injection molders, a heat-shrinking plastic machine, tons of utility knives, and anything else you might possibly need. Fun course, but don\'t combine with other heavy load classes. I\'m a non-math, non-science person, and this class was terrific! Be warned though, you should probably like doing arts/crafts types of projects, be decent at PowerPoint, and it helps to be creative. Prof. Robbie is an awesome prof--he even had us over to his house for a delicious homecooked meal at the end of the term--and it\'s a great small class (about 13 students max, I think, and you get to work with them in small groups and such). There are some light readings, and lectures are fairly light as well. For the first half of the course, you do weekly mini projects (don\'t procrastinate like I did...I ofted safed them for the night before, and ended up staying in the lab until five a.m. because of that), but they were all really interesting, and I still use this foamcore chair we made (the first project). I wasn\'t so happy with the last half of the course (the independent project) because I couldn\'t find an idea that really interested me, and so I ended up just doing something random. So overall, the work for this course comes in bursts, but it\'s really interesting, and the prof is one of the best I\'ve ever had.this class could have been a great class, but for the amount of work that it was to get all of the projects done within the painfully short time frames it did not really seem worth it. there is one substantial project every week and then a large final project at the end. if you have a lot of extra time this class might be for you. BUT don\'t expect to be able to just breeze through this class with very little effort-- the weekly projects are just too big. This class was a refreshing break from the lectures, exams, and papers I have become all too accustomed to in Dartmouth classes. The course was based on several initial mini design projects, which were all pretty fun. After each, we were required to present to the class. The last five weeks of the term were spent on an individual design project, which was quite a bit of work, but very rewarding. This course taught me to view design in the everyday world with a much more critical eye, and it also made me a lot more comfortable with giving presentations in front of a group. I would definitely recommend this class to my friends. No need to be an engineer or an artist!