4 quizzes daily participation assignments. problem sets. Projects. Great!!! I believe that we would have better benefitted from doing individual projects instead of group projects.  These projects (maybe except for the chair) were very doable on an individual level and I believe we could have better learned if we each had to do on individually.  It could have been encouraged that we all work together, but I think that it would have been better for us each to produce our own.  I also think that people come into the class at different levels so it was clear that working with groups either held some people back or caused others to let one person take charge and make all of the decisions in the group which was no fair and did not contribute to an effective learning environment. I think a clearer picture of what we were expected to understand and learn (both in general and for the quizzes) would have been helpful. I also believe that sometimes on our quizzes, they were graded in an unfair fashion because manner because many times I would approach a question that I did not know the answer to, so I would write down things that related to the question, but would not answer the question, and I would still get credit for these questions when I do not think I should have. I think that the projects should have been worth more points because they required the most effort and applied the most concepts out of everything we learned in class.  I think that we should be graded more heavily on the success of our projects and less on the drawings, as in the real world, you could have the most incredible drawings but the worst design and it will be an unsuccessful structure. I liked that there were lots of assignments so you could bring up your grade if you did badly on one. I liked this class because the weekly problem sets pushed us to actually understand and interact with the material. I really liked that there was no final, because we still learned so much of the material and studied a lot because there were four quizzes. This allowed us to focus on the material that would be relevant for the quiz. I really liked the one big assignment per week and then the four quizzes we had throughout the term. I think the mix of quizzes and problem sets worked well to reinforce knowledge. And the building projects in couch were fun! I thought the balance of evaluation methods was excellent. I was very pleased with the combination of assignments, quizzes, in-class activities, and projects. The fact that no one thing was of central importance was significant. It was a little bit unclear what the quizzes were going to quiz us on. Just right. Major assessments were weekly problem sets and biweekly quizzes. They were very relevant to the material we learned in class lectures. Quizzes and problem sets were a great way of testing the material. They reflected what we talked about and checked to make sure we understood the central concepts. They weren\'t unnecessarily excessive either. A reasonable workload was expected. TA grading. The quizzes are not bad at all if you study for them and the problem sets can take a little while but it\'s all very doable. The quizzes seemed a bit like a crapshoot which was frustrating. Assignments and projects were fairly graded. Sometimes the problem sets were way too long and the work didn\'t end up being used again in the rest of the class. The workload was definitely reasonable- i put a lot of time into the weekly problems and quizzes but not too much time. I think the quizzes could definitely be changed or made more clear to the students what they are on. They were fair. Workload is a fair amount -- involves weekly assignments (which involve readings, building activities, etc.), class/class projects, quizzes -- but if you\'re present and engaged, that\'s definitely reflected.  all very fair. homework was a lot and didnt feel very fulfilling. grading was kind of subjective at times. As mentioned above, I think Professor May did an excellent job of interspersing activities within lectures. It gave us a break from the lecture and gave us a real-life example that illustrated what she was talking about. Class was structured around the lecture slides but was always open for questions or further discussion about specific points mentioned. Half of the class time would be spent on a powerpoint presentation from Prof May, and the other half would be spent on a class activity which would usually be fun and involve small group work. I loved the balance between lecture and in class activities. I rarely felt totally bored in class and that\'s impressive for a 2A. I really, really liked the mixture between lecture and discussion, and I especially appreciated all of the fascinating guest speakers that came to see us. I thought it was a great mix between activities, lecture, and guest speakers. It was well structured. Just right. Lecture, experiments, guest lecturers, walks around campus-- I appreciated the variety! Much of the class was composed of class lecture but other portions of the class were working in group projects.  Be prepared each day of class to be active. Really great. The mix between lecture, discussion, and in-class activities was very effective. I also liked the balance of outside-of-class group work. The topics seemed to be organized a bit randomly.  Maybe try to find a historical progression that would give a reason for each unit to come when it does, ie. first roman arches, then gothic, then trusses, and so on. There was a perfect mix of lectures and hands on activities like building. Very well-structured -- good balance between lecture, class activity, etc. great mixture between lecture and actually doing things. lecture + projects. Mix of lecture and activities. I learned a lot and enjoyed the experience of focusing on just learning rather than caring so much about grades. I also really gained a lot from the guest speakers and the way they discussed real world applications of the concepts we were learning in class. I loved it - it is an example of everything that I love about academics at Dartmouth. Professor May is great! I loved taking this class because it was great to experience engineering at Dartmouth, despite not being an engineering major. It made me understand how interesting the field is and why so many people are so passionate about it. This is the point of a liberal arts experience! I really enjoyed this course and hope that more courses become like this. We all really learned the material well, were genuinely engaged the whole-time by the very interesting projects and activities, and weren\'t stressing out about grades. I really enjoyed this course and it opened my eyes to architecture and engineering, which I had taken more advantage of at Dartmouth. It did not have much of an impact on my academic experience, I just found it to be a good class for my TAS that did not bring down my GPA. It made me hate distribs even more.  Course was objectively fine but i would rather spend undergrad not ruining my GPA with subjects I have no intention of pursuing. It proved to me that I could do well in something outside of my chosen field. It reminded me how much I love to learn about modern architecture. It sparked an interest in Engineering and design in me, and I am hoping to continue to pursue the subject during my time here. It was a great experience that got me out of my comfort zone. It was definitely one of the highlights of my term. It was interesting to interact with a subject I hadn\'t engaged in before.Positive influence -- was a well-rounded experience by balancing the technical perspective of a problem through learning the calculations and a practical/hands-on perspective through the building projects throughout the course.This course was instrumental in helping me realize that a balance of course types helps me to find balance in other areas of my life. I had previously taken almost all humanities courses with a couple of social science courses mixed in, and felt overwhelmed by the huge number of papers I was writing but confused because I found all of my classes fascinating and couldn\'t pinpoint what was wrong. Adding different assessment styles and the opportunity to learn about something both totally new to me and totally different from what I was working on in other areas helped me to identify that I need more variety. I\'ve fallen in love with the liberal arts all over again and can\'t wait to keep exploring the rest of my distribs. This was the first time I really, really enjoyed a subject outside of my major. Classes like this are interesting, challenging and pertinent. It is a mix between art and science. Classes like this push people to think and engage with the world around them. - Cyrus Jamidar. not to be sad when your work is destroyed for the good of science. Positively. really cool to get to take a thayer class with such a great prof. a great glimpse into engineering and made me realize i didn\'t want to be an engineer which was super helpful. i see buildings, bridges and structures very differently now. Good class for sophomore summer. 4 quizzes (drop lowest), 6 assignments (long busy work but easy), and 2 projects (cardboard chair and sustainable design project). Work was very easy, basically just busy work. His lectures are incredibly boring and he repeats the same thing every lecture, but I actually walked away learning some valuable stuff about sustainable design. Ended with an A not too painfully. Definitely recommend if you can get in this course. Definitely an interesting class that is offered over sophomore summer. If you are looking for your TAS distrib, this is a good class to take. It is a mix of an architecture/art history/engineering course (only very very basic concepts) and Prof Wilson included a lot of building studies from Dartmouth\'s campus. The class itself consisted of four quizzes (you could drop your lowest grade for one), 6 assignments that were based on readings/class notes (pretty easy just busy work), and 2 projects (building a cardboard chair and designing a net zero energy building). While this may seem like a lot, none of the material/projects were actually hard. A lot of this class was just busy work and also was graded by student TAs (so they went decently easy on people). Sometimes a little dry of a class, but also it was interesting enough that I would recommend. The class was offered as a 10A which seemed to drag on a bit, but if it had been offered any other class period, it would have been awesome! The projects were pretty cool (build a cardboard chair and design a zero energy building), and as long as you did the homework, the quizzes were a breeze. This class surprises a lot of people with how much you actually have to learn. There\'s a fair amount of physics, especially early on, but if you understand basic vectors none of it is terribly difficult. Most of the more complicated fluid dynamics gets glossed over - Professor Richter explains it, but you never really have to work with it on your own. The homeworks and labs are pretty straightforward, and the tests are very conceptual and general. The volume of work for the class is moderate, but none of it is really difficult. There\'s also a term paper or presentation (which you have to do is determined by a vote of the class - 10 projects are chosen for presentations). Overall, it\'s a good class, and Professor Richter is a great guy. He explains things very thoroughly, and is very accomodating to student needs. If it\'s offered again, I\'d definitely recommend taking it. Homework assignments are tough.....reading the book is rough too. Overall not bad exams at all, and the labs are pretty easy. Its only a good class if you have sailed and/or are interested in becoming a sailor. Knowing sailing terms is very helpful.  Its only a good class if you have sailed and/or are interested in becoming a sailor. Knowing sailing terms is very helpful. Eh, it was ok. I would only recommend it if you really love fluid mechanics, physics, and sailing. The prof assumes that you already know most of the sailing jargon even though he gives everyone a vocabulary packet at the beginning of the term. The lectures were kinda dry. The homework was hard. Also, the textbook is a bit of a nuisance; it was boring and complicated. The main problem I found was the prof did not explain the connections between ideas; my guess is that he doesn\'t explain everything thoroughly because to him it already makes sense. And, the tests were painful. Most of the people left early from the exam because they either gave up or they knew the concepts like the back of their hand. I was certainly not part of the latter. So, basically, in conclusion, all in all, take this course if you very keen in the maths/science/physics/fluid mechanics area. Otherwise, it will be kinda painful. Homework assignments are tough.....reading the book is rough too. Overall not bad exams at all, and the labs are pretty easy. Interesting class and professor was very helpful. The course is a lot of fun, and Richter is great, but it seams as if we did a fair amount of work in the first few weeks, barely anything over the next few, and absolutely nothing of importance over the last few. The text book was of no use, other than the graphs, and the final exam was only 2 weeks after our only midterm. Attending homework help sessions is key, the labs are easy, and any important concepts for the final you learn in the first few weeks. The final independent project turns out to be a one-page summary of the work you did and a five minute presentation. Take this class if you\'re interested in something a little less difficult. Only take this course if you are an engines major or a sailor. A lot of prior knowledge in both those areas are assumed. I felt pretty lost the whole time.The course is a lot of fun, and Richter is great, but it seams as if we did a fair amount of work in the first few weeks, barely anything over the next few, and absolutely nothing of importance over the last few. The text book was of no use, other than the graphs, and the final exam was only 2 weeks after our only midterm. Attending homework help sessions is key, the labs are easy, and any important concepts for the final you learn in the first few weeks. The final independent project turns out to be a one-page summary of the work you did and a five minute presentation. Take this class if you\'re interested in something a little less difficult. Lectures went a little fast and sometimes Prof. Richter assumed we understood material that non-physics and math students might not understand, but other than that, really great class and very unique subject. I enjoyed the material of this class, but by the end of the class I just wasn\'t that into it anymore. The class was good--lectures could be fairly dry even though I feel like it paid off that I went to all of them. Tests were excellent--very fair, yet still testing and challenging. Richter is a great guy as well outside of class, though not always the best at responding to questions during lecture. Had I known going in that this class was designed for those who already have a great knowledge of sailing, I never would have taken it. This is a terrible class for those who are not experiences sailors. You should not take this class just to fill the TLA if you don\'t have boating experience. The course covers lots of really interesting material and has good guest speakers. However, the professor messes it all up. He is a jerk outside of class, almost shooing us out of his office (he has no real office hours, either.) His lectures were often hard to follow, and he constantly acts like he is very knowledgeable about sailing, which he is not. He is an engineer and not a sailor, so don\'t let him bluff you. He is obsessed with the latest innoventions in speed, like iceboats and strange asymmetrical devices that only sail one way-- none of which are even boats in my opinion. Finally, the class has 6 homeworks, 5 labs, a midterm, a final, and a term project, so its a mighty lot of work for what its worth.I am TERRIBLE at physics, but I love sailing. I really wanted to do well in this class, but I had a tough time understanding the concepts. This class skyrocketed my stress level. I invested a lot of time in the homework and studying for exams, and although I learned a lot about drag, lift, and why sailing works I don\'t think I got a very good grade. Richter is a good prof. He\'s very approachable, but he tends to lecture very quickly and doesn\'t explain things in a way us non-engineering types can easily understand. The material could have been made more interesting, and occasionally it was a bit hard to follow the book, but overall a fairly interesting class. Personally, I would have preferred to have the tests be more like the homework (that is, a few more calculations rather than mostly explanations). Course material was very interesting. Lectures and readings were excellent. Guest speakers added a nice real-world touch to the course. Homeworks and exams were fair. Overall, a terrific course. Worst class I\'ve taken yet at Dartmouth. The lectures were disjointed and had little bearing on the work we were expected to do. You have to learn the material on your own, and the book is the most boring, uber-technical, piece of crap jargon I\'ve ever had the displeasure to come into contact with. Although, all in all, it\'s not that tough even for a non-engineer, at all costs avoid this painful, painful course. This course was very interesting. Prof Richter effectively combined sailing history with sail theory based on physics and fluid dynamics. Although at times the material was challenging, Prof Richter always explained it well. There were many guest lecturers who were major players in the sport and industry of sailing. If you are interested in sailing and looking to fulfill a lab distrib, this is the class for you. Take it. Its pretty easy. The problem sets are hard, but its worth it. Its also really interesting, especially if you\'re interested in boating and sailing. Do not take this class unless you enjoy headaches and disjointed classes. The lectures seem interesting but the grading is esoteric and harsh. Unless you are a ENGS major, steer your boat in a different direction. Prof Richter makes this class. He\'s excited about the subject, and he inspire his class to do the same. His lectures are alright and the guests he brings in every friday are hit or miss. He tends to rip through the material because he understands it so well, which can be frustrating, but it doesn\'t really matter because his tests aren\'t very technical. The tests are frustrating, though. he likes to pull obscure facts from the book that we haven\'t covered very extensively, and he\'s a pretty hard grader. The labs are boring, but compared to any other labs, they\'re unbelievably easy. He\'s really relaxed about the term projects, which makes it pretty easy to get a good grade on them. If you\'re looking for an easy lab science, this probably isnt your course-- it doesn\'t take much to get behind, but if you stay on top of your work, the median is an A-."