2 midterm exams, weekly homework assignments, final exam, pre-lab and post-lab.A TON of work. Aside from weekly homeworks, you have pre-labs and post-labs also due every week, plus the 3 hour lab slot. Quizzes could range from 2-3 midterms and one final.All assessment was fair and reasonable.Everything was very fair. Just have to study and keep up, but very very fair and doable.I thought it was fair.I thought the methods of evaluation were fair and we were given the tools to adequately prepare for them before we were assessed.I thought the tests and homework sets were great, and while I didn\'t necessarily enjoy the labs, I thought they were a good application of the material.It was all very fairIt was fair.Pretty decent- the timing of the lectures made it difficult to complete the problem sets early.Tests and workload fairTests were very fair and homework assignments were very doable. However, more time on tests could be well suited and wider gaps between homework assignments and labs.The assignments and labs were good. On the tests, there were so few points, that any screw up was very evident in the grades.The course was a lot of work between the labs, prelabs, post labs, problem sets and exams but that was to be expected. Not too crazy though, still manageable.The evaluation method was tests, problem sets, and labs.The exams seemed fair. The only issue I had was that the last midterm came way too late in the term (week 9).The methods of evaluation for this class was extremely fair. They were time-consuming and difficult, but very good at reinforcing material.The tests were fair and reasonable. Homeworks also worked well. There are many assignments but the workload is perfectly do able and not unnecessarily challenging.The workload was fairly high but necessary to understand the material in the course. The problem sets were very useful for reinforcing material and the tests were not unfairly difficult and were in my opinion at the right difficulty. I did find it challenging at times though to keep up with the Problem Set, Pre-labs and Post-labs every week and it is very easy to get behind.The workload was incredibly significant and very demanding but it did help with preparing for tests and thoroughly understanding the material.The workload was kind of insaneThis was a good set of evaluations.Use Canvas please! It would have helped me to know how I was doing in the class! Also see Section 8 for a suggestion on test questionsWe had homeworks, labs, two midterms, and a finali thought all forms of assessment reinforced learning!late hw policy was good. labs were not helpfuln/atoo much workweekly problem sets and labs with two one-hour exams and one final exam. is this question necessary for engs?  there is nothing to discuss just grind All lecture and lab. All lecture but I think that is how it should be. All lecture, but questions allowed and encouraged. All lecture, plus lab. All lecture, which was perfect for me - I am not a huge fan of breakout sessions, especially in a class like this. Classes were lecture based but Professor Stauth made them interesting. Good structure, nice to build on topica Heavily lecture based, which is understandable I like how we went through different problems but were also asked how to do them and to answer questions about the problems. I think the course lacked discussion, but not at the expense of our learning. Students were still urged to ask questions if they had any. I thought it was a good mix of lecturing new material and going through examples. Also Stauth always answered people\'s questions. It was a good balance. It was a perfect lecture. Loved it. It was all lecture It was all lecture, but that is to be expected for an ENGS class. It was all lecture. I liked it. Lecture only. Lecture was good! Mostly lecture, which makes sense for a class like this. And Stauth is straight forward and teaches you what you need to know. See the section 7. I think more front-loading of material would be beneficial (as opposed to constantly backtracking and re-explaining) The class was mainly lecture based however the Professor was always willing to answer questions. He was very good and stopping to make sure that the material was understood. The structure of the class was good. I was engaged throughout. The structure, mainly lecture based, worked very well for this class. Worked well. all lecture all lecture which makes sense for this course less labs. i understand that i learned is very useful and had to be done. but id by lying if i said i enjoyed it. Absolutely loved this course. Made me love engineering even more! Enjoyed it, will continue Great class. Very happy with the class and one of the best so far at Dartmouth. Take it with Stauth. I am now much more confident in my abilities to analyze electrical systems and I am looking forward to more engineering classes! I am very interested in Systems engineering and hope to take more classes in it. I feel confident in tackling a variety of basic systems as an engineer. I felt encouraged to pursue/continue engineering. I felt happy to take this course and meet Professor Stauth. I found the course to be rigorous, but very fascinating. Professor Stauth was extremely encouraging and invited students to come into his office down the line if they had any questions about engineering sciences. This class made me more excited to continue with my major. I loved it. Further solidified my love for engineering I really liked the class, I found the material super interesting and fun. It has gotten me very excited for the rest of the engineering classes I will take at Thayer. I still want to be a mechanical engineer. I\'d like to learn some control theory. I was surprised by how much I actually enjoyed this class. Professor Stauth made the material very understandable. I was worried that I wasn\'t going to really like the hard core engineering classes because I have not really taken a math based one yet and I genuinely enjoyed this course and it reinforced my love of engineering. I\'m still excited to be an engineer! It didnt It made me interested in doing more Computer Science. It made me more interested in pursuing future engineering classes as a part of the major/BE. It makes me excited to go further into my ENGS coursework. It really taught me a lot about engineering because it was the first real class It was my favorite course at Dartmouth ever and it has made me reconsider taking more electrical engineering courses and courses that Stauth teaches. It\'s a core course for the major, and I probably wouldn\'t have taken it if it wasn\'t. But it was a good course and I enjoyed it. Loved it, considering taking more of his classes. Much more interest in electrical and math classes - probably best class at dartmouth N/A This was the most informative class that I have taken here. It opened my eyes to what engineering is really like and is making me strongly consider taking more electrical engineering courses even though I never considered it previously. it did not affect me very much it was really difficult because of the workload. Good course, Zhang was a solid prof. Workload is a problem set once a week, lab once a week (pre and post lab) and three straight-forward one hour quizzes. A harder-than-average class, but not terrible. The course seems intimidating at first as you learn some basic differential equations stuff and Laplace Transforms without any context, but after like a week you get into the meat of the course, everything falls into place conceptually, and the class becomes pretty chill.  I dropped the class after the first week and a half, because I though it would be too hard to take while I was taking COSC 30 and MATH 22. I worked really hard to get into the class that fall because it looked like Farid would be a very good professor mainly because he had both his grad and undergrad degrees from MIT. In actuality I found his lectures very unhelpful, in fact the most unhelpful of all professors I\'ve had so far here. Farid seems like a smart guy, but his lectures aren\'t helpful primarily because he tries to teach math from powerpoint slides. In all the 5 or so lectures I attended, I can\'t remember him ever using the chalk board. This might be fine for history. But in learning math, let alone differential equations, power point slides are highly ineffective. Farid would go through a derivation in the slides and after about 2 to 3 slides I became lost for the rest of the lecture. I am normally a top student in math, so this surprised me. After 5 lectures I realized I would have to teach myself the whole course, which I was unwilling to do with my schedule. Hello, I think the previous review on Farid is a little unfair. All in all, a lot of people will tell you that he was a bad professor and a bad teacher. To be honest, he\'s a 5/10 teacher and a 8/10 mentor. He devotes lots of office hours time to people who take the time and effort to go in and ask questions. He once skipped two important meetings to answer questions for me and only two other people out of the 40 or 50 something total students taking the class this term. He could have been rude/sarcastic at some points, tending to respond to some questions in class with  You should understand/know this/that from your /insert_prereq_class_here  and he won\'t really answer a question straightforwardly. Although for more complex questions, sure he\'ll take the time to answer. I think he really tries to get across the important points without taking too much time to cover prereq knowledge. This is understandable but also not fair to some people who haven\'t recently taken calculus/applied math/physics. I think he still ended up being an okay professor because he really did take care of us in a way where he constantly told us not to worry about grades and just show him we are trying. A lot of people thought he was very prideful and wanted to stand on top of us by only covering new/harder material constantly while ignoring people who were behind. In my opinion, if you tried to go into office hours at all or go to TA hours, you were rewarded HEAVILY compared to people who kept working alone without using their resources. In my opinion, a good amount of people who complain about this class and pin the blame on Farid did not really take the time to use the class resources available. Sure, some did and some still complain because the class was extremely difficult, but that doesn\'t mean I or anyone else should let our pride get in the way of learning something challenging.  I am normally a top student in math, so this surprised me.  - Previous review on Farid. Nothing should surprise you just because it looks hard and just the feeling of utter confusion makes you lose your reasoning. We\'re all top students. That\'s why we\'re here. We shouldn\'t ignore a challenge just because the professor isn\'t someone we\'re necessarily used to. A lot of people made it through the class with B+ to A- despite all the  shitty lectures  and enormous usage of powerpoint slides.  Course: an engineer at dartmouth has to take the course anyway. Professor: He was helpful, understanding, but did not care if you didn\'t care about the course as much as he does. Spent a lot of time outside class prepareing quizzes and labs designed to challenge every student Workload: a lot, one can\'t breathe---start the moment you get it and you\'ll be fine. Course: As my first engineering course, I thought this class was extremely helpful in introducing me to how different systems function. This professor established important concepts in the beginning and continued to apply these same principles throughout each section. Repetitive, but necessary. The labs were sometimes unproductive because your results were often predicated on luck. If you didn\'t get good enough results, then you had to redo the lab. Professor: The professor distributed his hand written notes to the class before the lecture. He then went over them on the overhead projector. His notes are pretty good but you will need to go beyond them and try some more examples for yourself so you can better prepare for the quizzes. The textbook was essentially useless. Workload: The work load was heavy, especially for sophomore summer, but if you knew your stuff, the homework wasn\'t impossible to complete on your own. The MATLAB stuff could present occasional hurdles, but there were TA\'s to help. Trembly is slightly intimidating as a prof but he really does care about you mastering the material and is a great help in office hours. He blows through his lecture notes pretty fast but gives you copies so you can actually pay attention in class instead of furiously writing. Class is graded on weekly problem sets, labs and a quiz during the x-hour. The quiz is 4 questions and  all or nothing  the first time you take it. The next week you take the new quiz and redo any questions you missed the week before, so stay on top of the quizzes or you\'ll be doing 8 questions each week. The final is 8 questions and is made up of all the quiz questions the class did the worst on, so it\'s very straight forward and either you know your stuff or you don\'t. Problem sets are very time consuming so start them early and go to office hours. Also the graders take off multiple times for the same mistake... i.e. if you mess up an answer that results in subsequent answers being wrong even if they\'re consistent with your first answer, you still lose the points.  Prof. Trembly is an excellent teacher but hard to approach. He is not the type who will help you dig yourself out of utter confusion in office hours. However, if you\'ve been keeping up, have a sense of what\'s going on, and can ask intelligent questions, he is incredibly helpful. Make sure you\'ve attempted a problem and made a legitimate effort before asking for help. Otherwise, expect him to be unhelpful at best and dismissive at worst. The course textbook was fairly useless. Study from your notes. Don\'t fall behind. \'Nuff said. Quizzes were fair but often more difficult the second time around. I took COSC 5 rather than ENGS 20. Prof. Trembly assigned a TA to help students with MATLAB, and the course started off with an introduction to MATLAB outside of class. TAs were not allowed to help students with problem sets aside from MATLAB. Try to get an ASC tutor. Labs were difficult, but if you make an effort to understand them, know that they can be understood. Problem sets were fair, and I was usually able to make some progress on my own before turning to study groups and office hours. They tended to get more difficult as the term progressed. Don\'t take this course alongside other difficult classes. Expect to learn a lot.