Everything was good except the project. Weekly problem sets, a midterm, a final, and labs all good. The project was totally pointless and honestly just busy work that cause stress and we didn’t learn from it. Fair balance of project, lab, homework and exams. Fair. Good balance, sometimes the tests had poorly written / impossible questions Good mix of lectures, problem sets, midterms, labs, and project. Grading is pretty fair I didn\'t understand why the project was weighted so heavily when there was very little structure for it and very little class time was spent on it, but I thought the rest of the grading made sense. I was happy with testing and homework methods One problems set per week. One mideterm Tests were difficult. But was fair. Tests were fair and I liked the quizzes. Assignments were simple and helpful. The exams should be fairer in the future. The midterm included questions on material that the professor had specified would not be on the exam. The exams were actually quite fair with a lot of homework questions, but the reading quizzes were too much at times. One reading quiz had a median of a 50% which just shows you it isn\'t effective. The tests were pretty fair and the homeworks did a good job of enforcing class material The workload is more than manageable, consisting of weekly problem sets, a few labs, and a final project. The testing was fair and addressed questions well within the learned material. The workload was fair but became excessive once the final project was introduced. The midterm exam was unfair but it was nice that Professor Chen offered a makeup exam option. There were problem sets of fair length every week, one midterm, and one final exam. There were only 3 labs and the final lab project, which was a fair load of work. They were fine, but the problem was that the material was not actually taught. Workload good. Quizzes good. Tests were not the best. Workload was fine. amount of homework/evaluations was appropriate tests were fine, would have loved to have more time on them. workload was high but not inordinately high given what i\'ve come to expect from my engineering classes tests were fine. homework was somewhat difficult. there was a midterm, final, and several quizzes. the midterm and final were very difficult, but based off of textbook problems As stated earlier, the problem sets were not worth enough and the final exam was weighted too high. Problem set of usually 10 or so problems due every week. Two midterms and a final exam. Three weeks of labs followed by a term project to be completed by the end of the term. The project has a midterm report and a final report, both 5-7 pages or so. A fairly large workload. The tests were harsh but curved nicely. The workload was fair, tests were fine. Two midterms, weekly psets, a very time intensive project, a few short labs, and a final exam Weekly problem sets, 2 midterms, a final, 3 labs and then term project. the tests were tough... but he graded fairly weekly psets, two midterms and final. Typical thayer workload. All lecture All lecture. All of the classes were lectures. Good Good interaction with students. Mixture of lecture and time to work on problems before going over as a group Good mix. I liked that the class was lecture based. Questions were always welcome and encouraged I think the heavy emphasis on lecture made sense for this class. It was just lectures which was fine Mostly lecture Not much discussion but wouldn\'t expect there to be a lot in a class like this Not much discussion, but that is expected for a class like this. Slower pace in lecture/more explanation! The class was almost completely lecture, which is standard for an engineering course The class was almost entirely lecture.The class was mainly lecture, which I found difficult to sit through, but it was extremely nice to have the option to skip lecture and rewatch it via Canvas at my own pace. There should be more time for in class discussion There was only lecture. I attended most of them but I wanted every reason not to go because they seemed incredibly pointless. The only benefit was getting hw problem answers.  Too much lecture. Not enough class participation. 2 hour period is way too long to click through power point slides good mix, especially at first half of the term  lecture was long but fine, labs were pretty simple and not too stressful. mostly lecture mostly lecture. some lab discussion 99% boring lecture All lecture with slides printed for every class All lecture, wasn\'t very engaged Just terrible lectures. By far the most boring lectures I have had at Thayer Mix of lecture and discussion was fair. Mostly just lecture, but that is the fault of the students really (my self included) for not responded to his questions a lot. The class was all lecture. There should have been more in class problems. the lectures needed to be better. A good engineering course. Honestly it didn\'t really I was only taking this as a requirement, but I really enjoyed the professor which made the course more tolerable I enjoyed working on the project; thus, I am looking forward to working with other engineers on a project. I want to take more environmental science/ engineering courses after learning about power plants and sources of inefficiency and pollution. I was disappointed in the way this course was taught unfortunately. And many courses at Thayer are taught in a similar lecture slides-only manner; I have found none of them to be effective ways for me to learn the material. It didn\'t It didn’t really. It felt like a class I had to get through because it\'s not a topic I\'m particularly passionate about, but I think it\'ll prove to be useful for my learning and understanding of other course material in the future. It gave me great understanding of thermodynamics and helped in my study habits. Keeps me on the engineering track.No influence. Continuing engineering as planned. None. Positively REad course reviews and plan ahead so you know when it is best to take what courses so you know when you will actually learn the material. The material was interesting at times, but the pace was too quick to enjoy what I was learning. I am very happy to be done. The worst course I have taken at Dartmouth thus far. This class was overall a positive academic experience This concepts taught in this course inspired me to continue pursuing thermodynamics in my engs career. This course made me realize that for some classes readings are absolutely required in order to do well. This course showed me the importance of catering course choice to learning styles and professor preferences.This course was one of my first major ENGS courses, but I do not feel that I learned as much as I could\'ve in this class. was OK, not a great class. project was fun. will not be taking another thermodynamics course or the like in the future I enjoyed the collaborative aspect of the final project and the opportunity to perform hands on work on a project of choice. I still plan on engineering, might do more mechanical because of it. It was cool and I learned a thing or two, so it was positive, and it got me closer to completing the major and graduating. Negative. This course allowed me to deepen my understanding of the thermal processes that surround our daily lives. This course prepared me to work in powerplants. Was forced into taking this class for distrib. requirements so not really. not great.. i hated the class and feel like it was a waste of my time. Very practical, especially if you\'re considering going in a biological or chemical direction. It\'s a lot like the thermodynamics that you learn in CHEM 5 or PHYS 13, but much more in-depth. Most of the applications of the material in class are to power plants/electricity generation. The weekly problem sets can be long, but really reinforce the course material. Sterling Engine: No reason not to get a 100% on this component of the course. Make sure you get a good TA; that can be extremely helpful. Not super related to the course material itself, but a fun project. Lectures: Zi Chen is not the best lecturer. It was often more useful to read the book and go to TA hours than listen to lectures. However, his lecturing improved as the class progressed. Tests: Really not too bad. Some problems are taken directly from the problem sets.  Seriously, do not take this class with Frost. Nice guy, means well, but his lectures are atrocious. They have little if anything to do with problem sets or exams, horrendously boring, and you end up teaching yourself the entire course from the book. The material isn\'t easy either, making a good prof all the more necessary. I loved 25, but Professor Frost was the second worst professor I\'ve had at Dartmouth. So I\'ll break up the review into two parts: the awesome class and less-than stellar prof. THE CLASS: The grading scheme for 09S and 09x was: Problem Sets 15% Stirling Engine Project 20% Midterms (2, 20% each) Final 25% Problem Sets - They take about 5-8hrs a week. I\'d highly recommend going to the TA sessions, because that is where I learned most of the material. Stirling Engine Project - The Stirling engine project takes around 20hrs to get it fully assembled. If you have machine shop experience, you might be able to finish it in 14-16hrs, but don\'t expect to go much faster than that. Usually assembly is due week 6 of the term. Once you\'ve assembled it, you measure the power and efficiency, then have 2 weeks to tweak it before the competition. Everyone tweaks their engine... and nearly all are worse off than before they started tweaking. LOL. You have the option of doing your own engine project. I wouldn\'t recommend it, because it\'s a lot of extra work, and especially don\'t do it if you don\'t have machine shop experience. Exams - not much to say here. The class overall is useful and fun. You get a tour of the powerplant and the thayer air conditioning system. You\'ll learn about enthalpy, entropy and exergy for the first part of the course, then spend a giant chunk on power systems and thermo cycles. The stirling project is really cool and is a great foundation for the machine shop (you get to spend some intimate one-on-one time with most of the machines there). THE PROF: Frost believes that it is a waste of class time to do problems in class, because he assumes that since we are all dartmouth students, we could do a problem presented as if it was trivial. Instead, professor Frost constructs powerpoints out of images from the test and talks about how equations are derived. He\'ll glance over slides with complex graphs on them, and has a habit of placing 30 lines of algebra on one slide for a derivation. Although I never missed a class, I stopped paying attention at week 2 because it really didn\'t matter if I was listening or not. The only saving grace for Frost is that he does care about students in a higher-pedagogical nurturing kinda way. He wants students to do well. It\'s really tragic how he has such good intentions but is so bad at teaching. The other upside is that Frost likes bringing stuff to class as demos. We played around with refrigerators, engines, dry-ice makers and slide rules.