paper was a good choice of evaluation. homework a poor choice, since most students were left unclear as to how to go about finding answers to questions, primarily math questions. All was well done. Good workload, labs were very useful and HW reinforced concepts in lectures. HW was heavy on the busywork. Workload is more than you would expect for a distributive non-major class. I had to spend an entire afternoon + evening rushing to finish the homework every week. And not instructive stuff but on things like watching an hour long video and taking notes on a pbs video about railroad history. I felt it was a lot of busy work but I did come away with some things, it wasn\'t particularly hard since  I attended the lectures. I also liked not having homework when the paper was due - that was some good planning on Dr. Lasky\'s part. I think the homework was too much of a busy work assignment. I think the paper was good as well as the final exam in evaluating students. Lots of HW assignements sometimes felt like busy work. Paper, homework sets, final, pop quizzes THERE IS TONS OF WORK. First of all, which you don\'t realize when signing up for this course is that it contains 4 lab sessions. This does not could for a lab distrib btw!  Also, on top of the four lab reports, every week there is a homework assignment that takes about 12-15 hours to do! It\'s all busy work (answering questions to video, answering questions to the readings in the book, answering questions from lecture slides or guest speakers, and empirical/basic physics problems). The exam was difficult and I studied thoroughly. The workload was wayyy too demanding for this course. Tests were fair, paper grading was mysterious. The homework assignments were too long. It would have been great to have more questions about the material and less questions about videos. The paper provided a new facet to the course where students became a little more aware about a specific topic. Exam was fair. The weekly homework was great in making sure you were keeping up with the class. The paper was okay, and the final exam was good although I think it also had like 2 questions that were on obscure things that were mentioned briefly once in class. There are so many different ways of assessment (paper, attendance quiz, homework, lab, and final) that the course can become a burden with how time consuming lab and homework are. Weekly problem sets that are based on readings and calculation questions. Workload was adequate and graded fairly. Some questions were vague and were hard to understand/solve. final was very fair. the large essay in the middle of the term was probably unnecessarily long for an ENGS class. HW\'s were too long and required too much busy work. manageable workload. felt that the homework was more busywork than anything. Weekly homework was sometimes difficult to digest; research paper was interesting, final exam was very broad. Everything seemed fine here; however, the final exam was heavy on knowing chemical equations, which was very frustrating since these were not stressed as a key point in class. Exams were good. The paper was completely unnecessary. The homework was helpful but there was too much of it. Great distribution of workload to make the grades more even as a whole. The HW did a good job at allowing us to understand the material better and the paper was very intriguing to write. The tests and quizzes were a fair assessment of the course. The final was very different from the rest of the course in that it was much more difficult (especially the true and false parts that were very specific). The homework took a really long time to complete but it was manageable. The paper and the exam were fair. I think the homework was, at times, excessive. My understanding of course material was not reinforced by watching two videos/ problem set. I think the videos could have been replaced with a more valuable and challenging question.There is a paper on the broad topic of materials. You can write about almost anything you would like. There is also weekly homework and attendance grades. The final is accumulative, but you are allowed to make a cheat sheet. syllabus made it clear. little to no discussion, all lecture. I would have liked to have more discussion or small group work in the class. It is all lecture and a few labs. It was a good mix between lecture, show-and-tell and videos so I was rarely bored. But organization of topics was random. It was all lecture, though students would make comments and questions in between. Help sessions were more for discussion. It\'s difficult to listen to a two hour lecture without a break. Lectures need not be so lengthy, and there should be a way that engages students besides simply listening for two hours. Lecture 100%. Lecture typically did not involve a lot of student participation which just seemed to be the nature of the course, it worked well though. Lecture was very dull. Attendance dropped severely, because the class was not engaging at all. We made fun creations in lab, but nobody wanted to be in lab to begin with to actually enjoy it. Mix was appropriate. Mostly lecture, some demonstration. The structure was good. There was no discussion in the class. There was no discussion. Totally unorganized, we never got a syllbus. mostly lecture. got tedious and boring at times. prof tried to keep us engaged with jokes but still pretty lackluster. purely lecture, so the professor really didn\'t know any of us personally. very little discussion, but it worked well (it\'s a lecture class and Prof Lasky is good at lecturing). Good mix! Great mix between lectures and integrating us into the class, especially with the labs and videos. I liked the mix of labs and lectures. It was mostly lecture, but sometimes students worked in groups to discuss properties of the material and substance we were studying that date. Lecture almost entirely. Lecture was good when the professors stuck to relevant information. There was a good mixture between lecture and discussion as students were able to ask questions and there were many hands-on activities. There was no discussion. Very good mix of lecture and discussion, no problems here. course was very difficult, not among best academic experiences at Dartmouth. I am now more knowledgable and aware of different topics that I had not known about before. I enjoyed it but will probably not take any other engineering courses. I hate to say that I did not like a class, because I feel like I could have gotten my money\'s worth in a different class, but that statement is exactly how I feel. Yes, I learned something of a topic that I didn\'t know much of anything before, however I was too bored and exhausted from all the busy work, and I could have gotten way more out of a diff science distrib class. I learned a lot about materials. I learned a lot in a field I would never have expected. I think I really learned about the intersection between engineering, physics, and biology, which I thoroughly enjoyed. I thought it was actually really interesting and I\'m glad I took the class. I\'m not sure where I\'m going academically (premed but undeclared major), but there was some overlap with my orgo class when we were learning about polymers and Kevlar. It\'s made me consider materials more often in daily life, as normally it\'s something overlooked. It was a nice class to take to experience some engineering at Dartmouth. It was fun when learning about fun things like chemistry and physics stuff like nanoparticles etc. But it was not the most enjoyable course I\'ve taken here. Too much busy work. It was interesting to take a nonmajor course in the engineering department. It was interesting, I had never taken an engineering class before and the class gives a good overview of different materials. Learned useful things, needed it for a distrib. got the distrib. case solved. Negatively. I did learn a bit, but I had to extract this new information from over-used conservative dogma. Not particularly. I now know for sure I will not be an engineer, but it was a good break from my humanities courses and I did learn a lot. One of the most enjoyable learning experiences I\'ve had. it gave me my TAS distributive. Fulfilled TAS. Didn\'t plan on taking this course initially but I learned a lot from it. I liked this course a lot. It took me out of my Dartmouth comfort zone and took me to a place I never thought I would go: Thayer. This is likely going to be the first and last engineering course I take, but I\'m glad I chose this one. Interesting course, though sometimes it got too chemical for me. This course was a complete waste of time. I took it because I needed a TAS and I completely regret it. This was honestly one of the most enjoyable, but still challenging, courses that I have taken throughout my Dartmouth career. I will remember it for a long time! This was my first Engines class and I found the material very interesting. It allowed me to critically think about the materials we use today and how they are effective. This was my first engines course and I really enjoyed it. It is definitely a good class for a non-engines major who is interested in the topic. Truly opened my eyes to ENGS classes. Very interesting - would recommend to others. I took this class because I needed a TAS, like most other people in the class I\'m sure. However, don\'t think it\'s that easy; you will have loads of homework every week, and it is guaranteed to put your mind to sleep. There\'s no processing in this class, which is what makes the class easy. The hard part is completing all of the work because it\'s tons and tons and tons of busy work. Lasky is not a very good lecturer and I\'ve more than once wanted to fall asleep in this class, especially since most of the time, we just watched movies in class while filling out worksheets that come directly out of the video. Oh, I forgot to mention Lasky does take attendance. So no skipping class. The final and midterm paper are fairly easy, but in the end, the class is much more work than a regular class. I\'m not sure if you could find an easier TAS, but you can definitely find one that\'s less time-consuming. The homework was questions requiring you to read the answer out of the book and write it down, a couple questions about the lecture, questions about a video we watched in class and one math question. The questions were mostly busy work and you just had to write down what was in the book/notes/movie. The math questions could be tricky but there were TA office hours to help you. These questions were graded harshly, though. The homeworks took a long time to do, especially if you went to the TA help session. There were two papers; the first one was a 4 page paper written about a movie and the next was 4 questions about 2 movies. These were not hard. For the final you could bring in a notes sheet with whatever you wanted on it, so it wasn\'t too hard. Class participation was 10% of the class. This is a good soph summer class but the work it requires takes a decent amount of time to do. This class was painful. There was so much busy work it was ridiculous. The lectures were long and painful and appeared to be very disconnected with the previous lectures. The homeworks were essentially to re-write whatever the movie said--pretty tedious, especially when you had to watch the movie a couple of times on your own for the questions you missed. He also had a math problem at the end of each homework--or I should say a physics problem. Being a non-major, and just wanting this class as a TAS, and with no science/math background (only math course here was psych 10, last time i took physics was senior year in high school) those problems were really frustrating. Not to mention, he did not teach you the math in the lectures before or after the hw was assigned. You had to go to the TA sessions to figure out what you had to do for the math problems. Our TA was fantastic though! He listened to all of our complaints about the course, helped out with the math homeworks, and was great at explaining concepts to us. It\'s a lot of material and at the end of the course, you can make a cheat sheet for the final-- still it\'s a lot of information to cover. Yes, it\'s most likely an A course, and oddly enough you do feel like you learned a little bit from the homeworks. but Im not sure going through all that work is worth it. The Papers -Are easy to the point of being insulting. Also, if your paper says Well written, don\'t be flattered, he says that on everyone\'s test. The Exam -There\'s only one. So the course is back loaded. You are allowed to bring a review sheet. Do type 4 font and put everything you can on it. Some of the questions were not relevant to what was emphasized in class, so you might as well just cover your bases and put it all on the review sheet. The Homework -Is a huge pain, a time sink, and painfully easy. You think oooo easy but noooo. You are literally either transcribing what was said in a movie, what was written in a book (sass) or what can be found in two seconds on a slide. To repeat THERE IS A FOUR HOUR ASSIGNMENT DUE EVERY WEEK. I hadn\'t expected this when I signed up and was pretty bummed about it. The Prof -Is a real human being! As far as science-y profs go, he\'s a very nice guy. Lasky\'s very approchable and kind. Invites kids to go to lunch every week Overall: easy. time consuming. This class was incredibly boring and one of the worst classes at the school without a question. That said, it\'s a TAS, and is doable for people who have limited capacity at technolgoy. The TAs can actually grade pretty tough on the homework, so you will have to go to their office hours if you want to do well on the homeworks. I don\'t think anyone actually paid attention during the lectures, but attendance counts for your grade, so you still have to go. There is a lot of work, some of which can be somewhat challenging, so you will have to do a lot of busy work for this class. Basically it\'s not enjoyable and is work, but if you need a TAS badly, it is probably easier than CS4, and can be done by non-engineering people. dr ron talks about a lot of random stuff all term - some is pretty interesting, other lectures are excessively boring. its more a social scene than anything with 1/3 of the sophomore class being there. he takes attendance, and theres weekly hws but its mostly just tedious work and copying the answers out of the text book. 1 paper on anything you want, and a final that you bring notes to, so its not that bad at all. Easy. this class was like being back in high school. lectures were boring and made me want to scream. we watched a lot of discovery channel movies. homework was really easy, but they took off points for stupid things. if you\'re looking for an easy, painfully dull TAS...congratulations, you\'ve found it. easy, but lots of busy work and pretty boring EVERYBODY is in it. The material was interesting and the prof was enthusiastic, and really the class wasn\'t very difficult. The only problems were that the class size was huge, some of the T.A. graders were very different in grading. And often, possibly because of the very large class size, I often found my homework was misgraded or missing.dr ron talks about a lot of random stuff all term - some is pretty interesting, other lectures are excessively boring. its more a social scene than anything with 1/3 of the sophomore class being there. he takes attendance, and theres weekly hws but its mostly just tedious work and copying the answers out of the text book. 1 paper on anything you want, and a final that you bring notes to, so its not that bad at all. this class was like being back in high school. lectures were boring and made me want to scream. we watched a lot of discovery channel movies. homework was really easy, but they took off points for stupid things. if you\'re looking for an easy, painfully dull TAS...congratulations, you\'ve found it. Lasky is a master of gathering interest in this subject... I went to several classes planning to sleep or do other homework and his lectures were actually so good I paid attention. Amazing. He is a very sensible, nice guy. I think they are trying to make the course harder than previous years, though, and HW/tests/paper grading were all very harsh. Lasky is a nice enough guy, but he is not an undergraduate professor. Class was boring, and so were the readings. Sometimes I felt like we were in high school, because all we did was watch videos from the history channel and answer questions. What made this class turn from mediocre to bad was that the TAs all had different ways of grading homework assignments. They took off arbitrary points for anything, but these points could be argued back if you made time to go see another TA and explain why the points taken off homework was unfair. Questions that deserved two sentence answers were answered like small essays because you never knew where the grader would take off points. The class was too big, and impersonal. Lastly, Lasky got 40% of his slides from wikipedia. No joke. the class is boring. it\'s a lot of busy work. not hard, but tedious. you\'re probably taking it for the TAS distrib requirement, but take an interesting class instead- at least you\'ll get something out of it. you have to go to class- attendance is mandatory and counts towards your grade. the lectures are terrible. Dr. Lasky is a well-meaning prof, but with such a large class...there\'s really nothing he can do. if you like powerpoints...you might like the class. doubtful though. easy, but lots of busy work and pretty boring EVERYBODY is in it. The class was an absolute waste of time.....please chose other classes for TAS...this one was frustrating and traumatic for me. It\'s ENGS 3. All the cool kids are doing it. The material was interesting and the prof was enthusiastic, and really the class wasn\'t very difficult. The only problems were that the class size was huge, some of the T.A. graders were very different in grading. And often, possibly because of the very large class size, I often found my homework was misgraded or missing. Easy.  I don\'t quite know what to think of this class. It was kind of like being in high school: easy, but with lots of stupid pointless work. I guess there are worse ways to get a TAS, but spending two hours of your summer afternoons in this class is a pretty maddening experience. Don\'t get suckered in by how mindless it all seems though. I treated the class as the joke it pretty much is and didn\'t bother doing a couple of homeworks because they were due on Thursday. The only way I was able to get out of an embarrassing B- in this ridiculous class was by getting completely hooked up by the TAs. Beware. the class is boring. it\'s a lot of busy work. not hard, but tedious. you\'re probably taking it for the TAS distrib requirement, but take an interesting class instead- at least you\'ll get something out of it. you have to go to class- attendance is mandatory and counts towards your grade. the lectures are terrible. Dr. Lasky is a well-meaning prof, but with such a large class...there\'s really nothing he can do. if you like powerpoints...you might like the class. doubtful though. Professor Lasky is definitely inspirational. He is extremely interested in his subject and helps instill that interest in his students. He explains the material well in lectures and readings and videos help aid understanding. Homework is assigned weekly. Attendance is mandatory. Tests are fair. You know that class that makes you want to drive nails through your ear canals? This class was like that, except worse. Lasky is a self-obsessed intellectual- the worst kind. The in-class assignments mostly involve watching movies while answering questions on worksheets, like middle school except there are too many questions to answer in time. The grading was silly. Basically, you had to copy the answers from the book but switch the word order to get full points. Homework was easy, but the tests were actually hard to study for since the material (ha ha) was so dull. I took this to clear my TAS, but I regret it. I really hated this class. If I could go back I would probably take a different class to fulfull the TAS requirement. The work was busy work that reminded me of middle school and although it was easy enough, it really seemed to have no relevance to anything. I really couldn\'t have cared less about anything we did and I don\'t think I listened to a full class because I was so bored. The TAs were kind of on a power trip and knew the class was a gut so they tried to make it harder and grade things in a way that I considered unfairly as if to make the median lower. Overall, I think the course was a waste of my time and money and I would recommend choosing a different class. If you need a TAS, I can\'t possibly think of a better way to get it. This is about the easiest way to do it, and is certainly one of the most interesting. Even if you don\'t need a TAS, I still strongly recommend this course to anyone who\'s even vaguely interested by the course description. Dr. Ron is a total kick (in the good way), and it\'s *the* chill class of the summer. I, for one, brought a Nalgene full of some form of liquor (generally margaritas) to every class after about the 2nd homework was due, and I expect to get an A. Super easy TAS. But utterly boring. I dont know if it was worth wasting 4 hours every week learning absolutely nothing. You know that class that makes you want to drive nails through your ear canals? This class was like that, except worse. Lasky is a self-obsessed intellectual- the worst kind. The in-class assignments mostly involve watching movies while answering questions on worksheets, like middle school except there are too many questions to answer in time. The grading was silly. Basically, you had to copy the answers from the book but switch the word order to get full points. Homework was easy, but the tests were actually hard to study for since the material (ha ha) was so dull. I took this to clear my TAS, but I regret it. Professor Lasky is definitely inspirational. He is extremely interested in his subject and helps instill that interest in his students. He explains the material well in lectures and readings and videos help aid understanding. Homework is assigned weekly. Attendance is mandatory. Tests are fair. Really boring. Weekly homework assignments were time consuming, but required no thought. Exam was fair, but required cramming, with no logical connection between the facts, ideas and diagrams that had to be memorized. Professor tries to make class fun, sometimes makes chauvinistic remarks, loves himself, will spend half a class singing his own praises and dishing out life advice. Overall, a really easy class and TAS. But it won\'t be one of your better academic or intellectual experiences at Dartmouth. easy class.... Really boring. Weekly homework assignments were time consuming, but required no thought. Exam was fair, but required cramming, with no logical connection between the facts, ideas and diagrams that had to be memorized. Professor tries to make class fun, sometimes makes chauvinistic remarks, loves himself, will spend half a class singing his own praises and dishing out life advice. Overall, a really easy class and TAS. But it won\'t be one of your better academic or intellectual experiences at Dartmouth. I really hated this class. If I could go back I would probably take a different class to fulfull the TAS requirement. The work was busy work that reminded me of middle school and although it was easy enough, it really seemed to have no relevance to anything. I really couldn\'t have cared less about anything we did and I don\'t think I listened to a full class because I was so bored. The TAs were kind of on a power trip and knew the class was a gut so they tried to make it harder and grade things in a way that I considered unfairly as if to make the median lower. Overall, I think the course was a waste of my time and money and I would recommend choosing a different class. Professor Lasky is definitely inspirational. He is extremely interested in his subject and helps instill that interest in his students. He explains the material well in lectures and readings and videos help aid understanding. Homework is assigned weekly. Attendance is mandatory. Tests are fair. You know that class that makes you want to drive nails through your ear canals? This class was like that, except worse. Lasky is a self-obsessed intellectual- the worst kind. The in-class assignments mostly involve watching movies while answering questions on worksheets, like middle school except there are too many questions to answer in time. The grading was silly. Basically, you had to copy the answers from the book but switch the word order to get full points. Homework was easy, but the tests were actually hard to study for since the material (ha ha) was so dull. I took this to clear my TAS, but I regret it. This course got about half as easy as it once was as soon as Lasky started requiring attendance (and keeping track via tickets). I know, you need a TAS. Pass this one by - there are better out there. Besides the attendance bit, we also had to answer RIDICULOUS reams of questions about the readings in the text, and literally had to copy down things verbatim for the TA to grade. High school-style bitchwork? You bet. Even worse than high school, actually. Time consuming, brainless, miserable. Not what you\'d expect from a high school course. Also, let it be known that the final paper is completely open topic - you write (with a partner?) about a material, but FYI: the papers that got the best grades were not actually about materials, but products. Seriously, find something else in the ORC. It\'s not worth the aggravation. nice prof. lots of videos. at least the room was ACed. This is the perfect class to take in the summer. It gets rid of a TAS requirement and it\'s an easy A. Professor Lasky\'s a fun Prof. He incorporates movies in his lectures and takes students out to eat at Molly\'s and 5 Old. His lectures can drift a bit off topic sometimes, and the final project is kind of a joke, but unless you\'re a hardcore material-scientist-to-be, these things shouldn\'t really matter. I almost took a course with Elsa Garmire for my TAS. I went to her class and fell asleep on the first day; I couldn\'t even understand her. So, I transferred into ENGS 3, which everyone & their mom was taking. It was an awesome class. Most classes involved a Discovery Channel video. I usually stayed in class long enough to find out which video it was, signed in on the clipboard, and then left class. I\'d end up watching the videos on my own time, in Jones Media Center. That made my scheduling for other things during Soph Summer that much more flexible. This was the ultimate Soph Summer class. Nice prof, easy TAS, easy class...and you still learn some stuff along the way, too. Take it! Dr. Ron is great. His homework is easy, his class is very interesting (stuff you want to learn about but dont have time). Dr. Ron takes his students to dinner Wed and Thurs free of charge - take advantage. This class had 1 midterm that he gave us 4/7 beforehand, the rest were easy questions. He even tells you it will be very easy. The final consisted of a paper (2 or 3 people) about any material (anything made of matter - corn, lipstick, bulletproof glass - easy). Since there was no final exam, there was no point in going to lecture half way through the term. There was homework due once a week, but it was easy and the text costs 96 cents. There were 200 people in this class, and the median was an A. Go figure. Hardest part about this class was that it is so easy, you tend to blow it off and get lazy., so try to keep a good atitude.If you\'re trying to fulfill your TAS -- take ENGS 3 with Prof Lasky. Although the class was tedious and boring at times, I couldn\'t think of a better way to have fulfilled the TAS distrib. The TAS are really helpful too. I took this class because I heard it was an easy way to get a TAS, and it definitely is. While the homeworks do take some time to complete, they take very little thought, as they basically involve just lifting things straight from the reading or lecture notes to answer questions. I found the lectures themselves very boring and much longer than they needed to be, and since Lasky gives out the lecture notes, there\'s no real reason to stay for the lecture; you can just sign in and leave. So if you\'re looking for an interesting and thought provoking class, this probably isn\'t it, unless you\'re really into materials. If you\'re looking for an easy TAS though, its a good class. Prof Lasky is a great teacher who is genuinely interested in his students. During the 10 week course, his stated goal was to go out to dinner with every student in the class (there were about 180)and I would not be surprised if he accomplished this as he blitzed out invitations for group dinners several times a week. He also made a strong effort to make the class interesting, and for someone who is not remotely interested in engineering, I still enjoyed the lectures (which often featured film clips such as 15 minutes out of Gladiator, etc) and feel like I learned a great deal. All in all, a great class taught by a truly great professor. Dr. Ron is an excellent professor. He gives really great lectures, and he makes a complex topic fascinating and accesible to all. This class had 200 people in it, but Dr. Ron made a specific effort to take all the students out to dinner to get to know them. He is a personable, commited, kind professor. He made the goal of the class that it be interesting and fun to everyone, and it was. It was a really fun class. The one drawback is that the homework was laborous and almost completely busy work, but it\'s not hard at all. This class is definitely an easy A for the TAS distrib for anyone who is worried about that. This class was definitely a good time. Take this class! This is a great way to knock out your TAS. The class is fun and the lectures follow a general pattern of US history and the technology that allowed the US to move forward. It\'s not so broad to cover all of world history, despite the ORC description. Prof. Lasky is very nice and highly accessible, he takes students out to dinner 2-3 nights a week, and really makes an effort to learn names/faces. A very multimedia class with light reading and homeworks that were annoying, but not too difficult. Definately the best way to complete your TAS credit.ts a good class for non-majors to take. No previous knowledge of engineering required. I would recommend it strongly to anyone needing their TAS distrib. Professor Lasky was so great! He knows the material and seems totally excited about teaching it. He also really likes getting to know the students outside of class, and he tries to take everyone out to dinner (in little groups) at least once. There were at least 50 kids (if not more) in our class, and by the end, he knew everyone\'s name, where we were from, and what we liked to do. He was a wonderful professor, and I\'m glad I got to know him! Really easy course... which was fine for me because I just wanted to get a TAS. There\'s not a lot of science in this course, and a substantial amount of pop history.  I initially took this class thinking the material would be really boring, but forced myself to take it anyway for the TAS distribution requirement. However, Professor Lasky (Dr. Ron) worked very hard to make the topic as interesting as possible--in fact, even on the first day, he said, It is essential that this course is fun! Indeed, Dr. Ron followed through on this promise by showing several videos, doing in-class demonstrations, offering an optional field trip to Sturbridge village, and taking students out to dinner on a regular basis. As for the course load, there was only one book that we read the entire term (and we had to answer some questions based on the reading/lectures), one mid-term exam (which Dr. Ron certainly prepared us for), and one final project of your choice (either a paper or presentation). I am really glad I took this class and would certainly recommend even to students who fear the engineering department, or science classes in general. THE BEST CLASS I HAVE TAKEN AT DARTMOUTH! I highly recommend this class to every student in Dartmouth! Prof. Lasky is an awesome Prof. and highly accessible out of class. The course was very interesting; we watched lots of videos and there were a lot of demonstrations. There is 1 midterm and a final presentation or paper (not longer than 10 minutes or 4 pgs). Even if you never thought about taking an ENGS course, take this one cause it is well worth it.Prof. Lasky makes an otherwise boring topic extremely interesting. Both animated and energetic, intelligent and responsive, he is an ideal professor. Coursework is not difficult but isn\'t boring at the same time. Great class to take if you need a distrib or just need a 4th class.  This class was basically worthless for anything other than to fill a distributive requirement in TAS. The class was paced at a high school level, lectures were only marginally informative regarding the properties of materials, the supposed focus of the class, and the homeworks largely consisted of reading checks and filling out worksheets based on films watched during class. An easy way to fill the TAS distrib but don\'t take the class for any reason other than that. Professor Lasky is great...awesome guy, totally makes class fun and interesting. The material in engines 3 was really interesting but very basic and straightforward. One exam and one 10 min pp presentation given just to the prof at the end of the term. I would highly recommend this to anyone that needs a TAS, or just wants a fun and interesting class to take. Professor Lasky is the best. this is a TAS class. I love Professor Lasky. He\'s not only very laid back and friendly, but he also tries to very hard to entertain us during the class with movies and personal stories. I can tell that he put a lot of effort to make the class enjoyable. the class material is kind of boring to me but it varies from person to person so you have to take it yourself to find out whether you like it or not. Take a class with Dr. Ron. He\'s the man. One of the nicest people you will ever meet. Hands down. and the class is interesting too. I was a little apprehensive about taking a TAS, but I did learn a lot about materials and how they impact everyday life. Professor Lasky is extremely understanding. I would definately go out to eat with him if given a chance. For the final we had an option to present or write a paper. I chose a presentation and was glad to have the class all over with before finals. This class is perfect if you wanna try to take 4 classes in one term. I am not saying that b.c it is easy but b.c it is not mind numbing like some other classes can be. This class was great and i managed to get a stellar grade in this class while pledgeing, preforming in 3 groups and doing a JV sport. ( take that as you may). So much fun. Lasky makes lectures fun and interactive. Learned so much practical information about every material thing around me. Learned the physical properties but also learned the impact these materials have/had on society (especially the native americans). I had no idea the Romans were so technologically advanced... Worth taking even if you\'re not in need of a TAS. prof lasky cares a ton about the course material, which was actually quite interesting. i took the class to fulfill my TAS requirement and i would highly recomend the class for someone trying to do likewise. the class was really easy but i still emerged feeling as though i learned a lot about the history of materials and how they\'ve impacted the way we live today. lasky is great and the class is easy. definitely take it. Dr. Ron is a great prof. The course is one that I would recommend anyone take. It is interesting and the work load is very light. Good if you\'re looking for a fun and easy TAS. He does count attendance towards your grade, however, so you have to be willing to show up for all but one class.Professor Lasky is an awesome prof! Loves to take kids out to dinner. Very funny, loves what he teaches, and wants everyone to do well. The material is pretty interesting, lectures can be boring...but arent too bad. The course consists of class attendance, homework problem sets each week, which take kind of a long time, but are not hard, and one exam, easy, and final paper, 4-6 pgs long. Not a hard class, time consuming at times, but not bad. I definitely recommend it!! Korean Materials, a valid final project!? This class totally rocked. Dr. Lasky admitted at the beginning of the course that his wife told him that he was the “softest person alive” (or something like that). He actively tried getting dinner with the entire class (the dinners are paid for by the Thayer Engineering School) and you should try to grab a meal with him during the term, or even after it. He begins his lectures by giving us five statements on history (or anything generally unrelated to materials) and asking us which one is false. He gave candy bars to students who found typographical errors on his slides, and made these great name tags for all of us to use. Whether you’re shy or a talkative bore, you will enjoy this class immensely. The only small word of caution goes to those who dislike busy work. This class is full of it, and every single weekly homework assignment, while super easy, could take about ten to twenty hours each. Working on Times New Roman 12 Point and double spacing on a 1-inch-margin-on-all-sides paper, expect to turn in 15-25 page assignments. Most of these are questions from videos viewed in class, so note-taking is mandatory because the answers are usually tidbits on the film that require your attention (i.e., [According to the video] when were women allowed to vote in Utah?). The midterm was a tricky wicket with True/False and Essay sections, and you really need a strong grasp of the materials to do well. But then again, according to him, the lowest grade on that midterm exam was a B minus. You would have to be a big time slacker to mess up on it. You are only allowed one free absence from this 10A, so use it wisely. You have the choice of a final paper or a ten-minute presentation, but I didn’t mind doing both just to make sure I’d be on a safe cushion for this class. Remember that this class is technically a TAS but it is about the history of man’s use of materials, so there’s a great deal of leeway for your final project. As a matter of fact, my paper and presentation were surveys on Korean technological accomplishments from 550 to 1550. Just watch out: Dr. Lasky probably knows that his class is a total gut and so will probably try to make it harder...but that’s just a thought.