Everything was good! I noticed that I put a lot more time into the project than it was worth, proportionately though. I think it should count for more than the final exam. Exams were fair but there were so many psets. But understand why you need them to fully comprehend the material. Good balance I think the methods of evaluation in problem sets and exams were well done and evaluated my understanding well I thought the amount of work and what they were was very fair. It was a good assessment of our knowledge. N/a One midterm, one final, eight problem sets, one lab project over the course of the term. Overall workload was fair. Problem sets were always fair and not time consuming, and the exams were at a respectable difficulty level. The class is a set of 7 homework, all of which are fairly reasonable in comparison to many other Thayer courses. There is a midterm and a final, with the final covering only the second half of the course. There are 3 introductory labs followed by a term long lab project, which will vary in difficulty depending on the lab project itself. It shouldn\'t be too much work. Overall, a not too difficult course. The evaluation techniques seemed appropriate. The exams and papers were fair, though unclear at times There is one midterm exam, one final project, one final exam, and weekly problem sets. The workload for this class is very fair. two exams, final project, weekly psets 2 Tests, 7 Problem Sets, Final Project Report/Presentation, 3 Labs with Pre-labs All fair forms of assessment. P sets forced me to broaden my view of concepts and their applications. Good One midterm and one final exam, weekly problem sets and a term-long lab project (midterm report, presentation, and final report) Problem sets every week, term lab project, one midterm, one final Tests and workload was fair. There was only one midterm and a final, but they were both extremely fair and well-written exams that tested relevant course material and gave no surprises. Problem Sets were often more difficult and occasionally included topics we had not yet covered in class. Workload was well balanced and plenty of resources were available. good n/a the exams were trying to cover way too much material with minimal time. it was too much to do and i wasnt able to answer everything adequately. I spend a lot of time on the research project, and we had minimal guidance. Even after spending an outrageous amount of time on this project, we still received a B. Very disappointed. the workload was not light but was reasonable, the tests were a good reflection of the central concepts and material from the course. All lecture. Lecture was engaging Class is mostly lecture but prof. was very good at answering questions. Good structure overall, although it was one of those classes where no one wanted to answer many questions out loud, but the questions were in the right places throughout lectures. Lecture based, which was appropriate. Lectures were good Mostly lecture, but it made sense N/a The class was all lecture. I liked it. The class was mainly lecture, which seemed appropriate. The lectures were dry, but the group projects were interesting and kind of fun because we created them The structure of the class in lectures and the lab structure was well organized. This class is all lecture-based. all lecture All lecture All lecture, could benefit from more interactive components I like the amount of lecture but the lecture skills must be improved Lecture entirely, class was somewhat dull. No discussion but also that’s fine - Professor Liu would ask thought provoking questions in class good good. lecuture n/a the class is lecture-based by nature, but Professor Liu does a good job of trying to engage students in discussion. Definitely an amazing course and one of the best that I have taken. I felt like I learned a lot in this class and it really gave me an enjoyable spring term. I really enjoyed it! Proud to be an engineer. I really enjoyed the material actually. I think material science is super cool. I\'m graduating, and it let me do that. It helped me get a better understanding of materials in general, which will help me in future courses even though I am not studying materials science. It was an important class for my major. I continued to develop critical thinking skills as well as lab skills in Thayer. It was another example of having fun at Thayer It was very interesting and brought together a lot of the earlier courses I had taken to address a new topic. N/a This major course taught me much about materials, related to my chemistry knowledge, and interested me in the field of materials science Didn\'t affect it much Didn’t change much I am an engineering major but I will not pursue further materials science. It made me a little less averse to chemistry It was a class that helps me complete my major It was neutral, I\'m still engineering like before Positively. I think materials science is quite interesting and Professor Liu is great good it was a good class, I thought the lab/independent project was a really cool chance to learn engineering techniques, experience them hands-on, and relate them to the material covered in class it was okay. terrible prof...course is challenging. TAs save your life.  Frost\'s lectures are not the most engaging; that said, he is extremely knowledgeable and you should take the time to talk to him outside of class. If you\'re going to take this class with Frost, be prepared to figure out how to do the problems on your own, as his lectures are very theoretical. He often seemed to want to go into much greater detail about certain subjects than the scope of the course allowed, and he would sometimes spend an entire lecture focusing on a small detail that was not relevant to either the homeworks or the exams.  I went into the class rather interested in the subject of materials. Professor Frost inspires absolutely no interest in the subject however, and I think that I will never again take a course in this area of engs. He is an incredibly nice guy, and it is obvious that he really cares about his students. He is always available at almost any time of day (he seemed to be around till midnight most days and on weekends). Though he cares and is available, his lectures are completely ineffective. I only missed a couple, though I did not fully understand a single one the entire term. I relied entirely on the book and other students to complete the assignments. As such, tests did not go well. Worst class I have taken at Dartmouth. Lectures were atrocious, work was tedious and usually made no sense. The material could have been interesting but professor frost inspired a disdain for the material. His lectures are so boring that HE has actually FALLEN ASLEEP during his own class (this is not a joke, he actually fell asleep) seriously. the homeworks are a pain but the TA sessions are really helpful.