All fair. I enjoyed both the short assignments and the written exam format. One suggestion might be to publish example responses to the longer assignments after they are handed in. I think that the methods of evaluation were as to be expected. I think that the exams, short assignments, and long assignments were adequate means of testing the knowledge and our understanding of the course material. The workload expected of students was also fair. I thought LA were quite effective, would have liked more. Also would have liked more SA to continue practicing concepts like linked lists. For example, if you provided the majority of a code and had the SA be writing a function that would delete the link list - I think that would have helped me understand the material. Spent hours trying to leanr something for the short assignments only for it to be taught the next day. Repeatedly  The turn around time on long assignments Tests and LA3 were hard but everything felt bearable if we properly managed our time Tests were fair, though having to go to the library for answers to practice questions was less convenient. Wish test expectations were clarified a bit more before the first exam. Short assignments and long assignments were very helpful. Workload was definitely on the larger side, but still manageable. The class was built with a series of short assignments, 3 long assignments, and 3 exams. The short assignments took an hour to two hours (or longer if there was an oddly difficult one), but long assignments could take 2 to 3 solid days of work. Start Long assignments early! The course was a balance of Long Assignments and Tests. Short Assignments didn\'t really contribute much to the final grade. The evaluations were fair and effective.  Sometimes I think his use of other fields not necessarily covered in the class (i.e. the physics dependent LA) made things more difficult than necessary for some students that didn\'t have strong backgrounds there. The methods of evaluation ie. tests in this course were definitely difficult because students had to code on paper (it would be much easier on a computer), but I thought that their implementation was fair. The workload in the class was substantial but fair. I understand that the longer assignments needed to be a significant portion of our grade, but losing points on them was a frustrating hit to my grade in the class. The exams were also fair, but were often unalike the problems assigned in the homework and forced the student to think creatively. Perhaps if problems like these were posed beforehand, students would be better prepared for the exams. There was a lot of work for this class but I think that the assignments were helpful and fair. I think that tests were pretty reasonable based on the homeworks. Big workload but good. I appreciate the extra practice questions and printed lecture slides. Daily workload is easy to moderate, composed of small short assignments and quizzes. The long assignments shouldn\'t be underestimated, although the tests aren\'t bad. Examinations and homework assignments tested students\' knowledge of the material. Workload was manageable. Feedback takes too long to get back I really enjoyed the long assignments and felt the short assignments reinforced my understanding. I don\'t enjoy writing code out on paper for tests but I understand the purpose of it. My only real complaint is that I wish we knew the grading criteria of Long Assignments. I think that the Long Assignments were very often overwhelming. The overall workload was significantly more than expected for any other class I have taken. I think that the class required a lot of work, but ultimately was fair and rarely unnecessarily difficult. I think that the method of evaluation chosen through tests was crazy. I thought that everyone was way better than me at programming because of how hard the tests seemed to me and everyone did so well on them. I think the evaluation methods (short assignments, long assignments, exams) were good indications of abilities/learning. The workload was quite high. Sometimes the videos and quizzes were pretty annoying. I thought the assessments and the workload seemed fair, and there were many smaller assignments which helped balance out the grades I wish less weight was put onto the long assignments.  It made them very stressful. I wish we had a rubric available Long assignments were suitable, helped cover the material and challnege understanding. Written exams were more difficult, especially the final exam. Midterms and assignments seemed very fair and representative of the course material. The matlab section was much more looking up things I didn\'t think we learned in class, but I think that\'s kinda just representative of matlab in general. Test were very representative of course material and we were well prepared for them. Tests were challenging but fair Tests, projects, and homework were made up of material learned in class and therefore were effective. The balance between methods was completely reasonable. The evaluations were tough but fair. Workload was the same except during long assignments it was an extreme burden and nobody was there to help you. I went to the TA sessions and there was always 1 TA for 25ish students and I would sit for two hours and not get helped. The exams were fair. The long assignments were very difficult. The exams were reasonable in terms of material covered, but I didn\'t like how much your grade relied on not making stupid mistakes on the exams. The difference between letter grades seemed like it could be remembering a couple semi colons. The professor evaluated with homework, assignments, and tests. The workload was pretty high. The short assignments, long assignments, video quizzes, and exams made up the grade. The course is time-consuming because there is a lot of trial and error involved in coding. The tests appropriately tested the material, and the long projects thoroughly solidified and tested understanding of the material as well.  The workload was fair and there was always ample help at TA help sessions. The tests were hard. A single question on the final would be worth more than 3% of your grade and some were on very specific details we learned very briefly which I thought was unfair. The use of many Short Assignments was a great way to keep us practicing, and both the Long Assignments and the exams were fair. The workload is pretty significant, but it helps the programming concepts become intuitive. I\'m not sure that the workload could be reduced without also reducing the efficacy of the class. It\'s a lot of work, but it\'s worth it. The workload was fair for the amount of information taught. Exams were pretty fair, but I don\'t think the right choice for evaluation in this class. I think longer coding assignments are better for this. They course was evaluated through 5 categories all made of a certain percentange of the final grade. 15% was Short Assignments which were due everyday of, 50% was exam including the final, 25% was from the Longer Assignments, and the remaining 10% was from a combination of participation and video modules. Very tough workload but hey, I know how to code now which is super cool! Videos with short quizzes that you could retake every night. Short assignments every night. 3 longer assignments. 2 midterms. final exam. Was perfect! We short assignments that were due most classes as well as short quizzes that followed videos on the material we were learning net in class.  We also had three longer coding assignment, two midterms, and a final. We have some videos and questions before each class, and one short assignment after it. The only time we don\'t have those short assignments is when we are working on three longer assignments, which lasts one week each.  As for tests, we have three tests, the last one is comprehensive. They require students to write codes by hand and read codes carefully, as well as debugging on paper. Workload was quite high but very useful. I disliked paper based exams. Long assignments were time consuming but very useful and fun  good long assignments were very helpful lots of work, lots of time, sometimes prof thinks this is only class projects should be worth more the long assignments were very time consuming but enforced your way of learning. the exams were decent. the workload is manageable if you are organized but it was definitely the class with most work I have taken. 18 Short Assignments (1-3 hours each - nearly all of them of them less than 2 hours). (10%) 3 Longer Assignments (10+ hours each) (25%) 2 Midterms (2 hours, written code on paper) (40%) 1 Final (3 hours, written code on paper) (25%) 18 short assignments, 3 long assignments, 2 midterms and a final. Assingments all really helped understand course material. I felt sometimes the number of assignments became overbearing however I do realize that each assignment helped me learn the programs. I loved working on short assignments. I could do a short assignment in 1-3 hours. I also enjoyed the long assignments, which would take me 1-2 days of more-or-less nothing but coding. We had a short assignment due for every class; 3 long assignments total for the course.   I was not a fan of coding by hand on the midterms and final. It didn\'t seem appropriate when all of our code is done on a computer. Half of coding (for me, at least) was fixing errors, and you simply can\'t do that on a piece of paper. I think that the tests were weighted too heavily in this course vs. the long assignments, which are more like real coding problems. I think that there was a disconnect on what were supposed to do when it came to the short assignments, long assignments, and tests that was frustrating. I thought all of the assignments were fair. I had trouble finishing the first midterm in 2 hours- I think if I had had another half an hour I would have done a lot better. I thought exams, short assignments, and long assignments were fair for this course. Reasonable but time consuming The long assignments are very unreasonable and the tests are super difficult only the short assignments are helpful The long assignments were fair, but the exams were a tad too difficult. The short and long assignments were challenging and reinforced my understanding of the materials. The tests were sometimes out of the scope of what we learned in class. The workload for this course is also exceptionally high, and we sometimes had long assignments and short assignments and exams all due during the same week, which became a dreadfully high volume of work and time very quickly. The workload for the course felt appropriate. However, I strongly felt that the class exams (all three of them) were a lot harder than they needed to be. I was under the impression that this was an introductory course, but felt that the exams expected students to approach questions with a very high degree of knowledge on the course matter that I (along with some others) felt to be nearly unattainable given the introductory nature of the course. In addition, more than 50 percent of our final grade was determined after week 8, with one midterm and long assignment being submitted week 9. This made it very hard to decide whether or not to drop the course in addition to making the course backloaded, greatly decreasing the amount of time I had to learn the course matter along with my other courses. The workload was slightly too heavy for me but I was also taking two other hard classes. I didn\'t like how tightly the second midterm and the final are distributed. The evaluation is fair to me short assignments long assignment exams long assignments can be so much work workload was fine, and the SA\'s & LA\'s really helped reinforce material 16 Short Assignments, 3 Long Assignments, 2 Midterms, 1 Final Evaluations and workloads were fair. Exams were very very difficult but in retrospect were a fun challenge Fair, effective, and reasonably challenging. Impressive that he writes new exams and assignments every year, which also means they focus on what we spent more time on in class. I like the mix of SA and LA and exams I thought the balance was good. On the whole, this was a relatively hard class, but I expected that, and thought the amount of work was useful to understand the material. Tests were very hard, and I felt as though I was just looking to get partial credit on certain questions.  Long assignments also very hard but worthwhile in content. The expected workload was a decent amount, but it was all very useful. The long assignments were very long and time consuming. It was doable if I started as soon as they were assigned, but I still felt that I focused mostly on the long assignments during the weeks they were assigned and did not have a lot of time for other things. The tests were hard but a good test of understanding. The assignments were graded fairly. The workload is manageable until the long assignments start and then you feel like you are always behind. The exams are incredibly challenging and there is not enough practices available to students to feel at all prepared. All lecture. Good balance. Professor Shepherd always stopped to answer questions. Good mix, though more discussion is welcome. I definitely learn better from lectures so this was perfect for me It was all lectures. There was a lot of information to cover so that made sense. It was strictly lecture but was good about answering questions. NA The class is entirely lecture but it has to be. The class was all lecture. I think that this was a good structure of the class because we covered all of the course material and the professor did a good job at going over the topics. The class was entirely lecture based. The structure of the course was mostly lecture, which I found worked very well for the course.  Students were able to ask questions as we went through topics and examples were shown/tested which made the material easy to understand. There was no discussion, it was purely a lecture based class. Any discussion was due to student question. I think this was effective for this material though. This class was entirely lecture-based. Professor Shepherd did a great job of keeping longer lectures from being redundant and boring. fineAll lecture. Good balance. Professor Shepherd always stopped to answer questions. Good mix, though more discussion is welcome. I definitely learn better from lectures so this was perfect for me It was all lectures. There was a lot of information to cover so that made sense. It was strictly lecture but was good about answering questions. NA The class is entirely lecture but it has to be. The class was all lecture. I think that this was a good structure of the class because we covered all of the course material and the professor did a good job at going over the topics. The class was entirely lecture based. The structure of the course was mostly lecture, which I found worked very well for the course.  Students were able to ask questions as we went through topics and examples were shown/tested which made the material easy to understand. There was no discussion, it was purely a lecture based class. Any discussion was due to student question. I think this was effective for this material though. This class was entirely lecture-based. Professor Shepherd did a great job of keeping longer lectures from being redundant and boring. fine All lecture. Good balance. Professor Shepherd always stopped to answer questions. Good mix, though more discussion is welcome. I definitely learn better from lectures so this was perfect for me It was all lectures. There was a lot of information to cover so that made sense. It was strictly lecture but was good about answering questions. NA The class is entirely lecture but it has to be. The class was all lecture. I think that this was a good structure of the class because we covered all of the course material and the professor did a good job at going over the topics. The class was entirely lecture based. The structure of the course was mostly lecture, which I found worked very well for the course.  Students were able to ask questions as we went through topics and examples were shown/tested which made the material easy to understand. There was no discussion, it was purely a lecture based class. Any discussion was due to student question. I think this was effective for this material though. This class was entirely lecture-based. Professor Shepherd did a great job of keeping longer lectures from being redundant and boring. All lecture. Good balance. Professor Shepherd always stopped to answer questions. Good mix, though more discussion is welcome. I definitely learn better from lectures so this was perfect for me It was all lectures. There was a lot of information to cover so that made sense. It was strictly lecture but was good about answering questions. NA The class is entirely lecture but it has to be. The class was all lecture. I think that this was a good structure of the class because we covered all of the course material and the professor did a good job at going over the topics. The class was entirely lecture based. The structure of the course was mostly lecture, which I found worked very well for the course.  Students were able to ask questions as we went through topics and examples were shown/tested which made the material easy to understand. There was no discussion, it was purely a lecture based class. Any discussion was due to student question. I think this was effective for this material though. This class was entirely lecture-based. Professor Shepherd did a great job of keeping longer lectures from being redundant and boring. fine All lecture. Good balance. Professor Shepherd always stopped to answer questions. Good mix, though more discussion is welcome. I definitely learn better from lectures so this was perfect for me It was all lectures. There was a lot of information to cover so that made sense. It was strictly lecture but was good about answering questions. NA The class is entirely lecture but it has to be. The class was all lecture. I think that this was a good structure of the class because we covered all of the course material and the professor did a good job at going over the topics. The class was entirely lecture based. The structure of the course was mostly lecture, which I found worked very well for the course.  Students were able to ask questions as we went through topics and examples were shown/tested which made the material easy to understand. There was no discussion, it was purely a lecture based class. Any discussion was due to student question. I think this was effective for this material though. This class was entirely lecture-based. Professor Shepherd did a great job of keeping longer lectures from being redundant and boring. fine All lecture. Good balance. Professor Shepherd always stopped to answer questions. Good mix, though more discussion is welcome. I definitely learn better from lectures so this was perfect for me It was all lectures. There was a lot of information to cover so that made sense. It was strictly lecture but was good about answering questions. NA The class is entirely lecture but it has to be. The class was all lecture. I think that this was a good structure of the class because we covered all of the course material and the professor did a good job at going over the topics. The class was entirely lecture based. The structure of the course was mostly lecture, which I found worked very well for the course.  Students were able to ask questions as we went through topics and examples were shown/tested which made the material easy to understand. There was no discussion, it was purely a lecture based class. Any discussion was due to student question. I think this was effective for this material though. This class was entirely lecture-based. Professor Shepherd did a great job of keeping longer lectures from being redundant and boring. This class was both my favorite and least favorite I\'ve taken at Dartmouth, if that\'s possible. Parts of it were incredibly rewarding, and parts were so challenging I never quite figured them out. The first 5 weeks were super fun- the short assignments were challenging, and could take hours, but they were fun to complete, like little puzzles. After week 5, the first long assignment comes. There were three total long assignments. The first two were in C and the last was in Matlab. I found the first and the third long assignments nearly inaccessible. They used statistical and differential equations, respectively, that I had never learned and wasn\'t able to understand by simply reading the assignments or perusing the internet. However, there are office hours 6/7 days of the week. Honestly, I didn\'t find these that helpful, because it\'s not like you can work collaboratively, really, on coding when you each need a solution. Again, I loved the short assignments, but found the long assignments inaccessible and frustrating. I spent probably 10-15 hours on each. Although, to be fair, a lot of this time was spent adding in extra or fun bits of code to the assignments. I figured them out in the end but it caused me so much stress, I love coding and loved a lot of this class, but I wish we had gone over the math required for those assignments more. My advice is to get help early and try to work with friends whenever possible. This is the best class that I have taken at Dartmouth. I had no programming experience going into college, yet this course made me want to be a CS major. (I later took CS 1 in addition to ENGS 20, which is why I contrast the two throughout this review.) In my experience, ENGS 20 was a better introduction to programming than CS 1. Starting with C as a programming language forces you to understand concepts like pointers, memory allocation, and the scope of variables. It makes learning Python so much simpler, yet so much richer. (I often had a great appreciation for what my CS 1 classmates took for granted, such as lists and declaring something global and instantly giving it global scope.) ENGS 20 is a model introductory computer science course. It starts with binary, progresses to simple programs, builds to functions, then finishes with data structures. If you truly want to understand the foundation of programming, take this course. If you want to learn more languages beyond C, take this course. If you\'ve never written a line of code and are debating between taking this course or CS 1, take this course. This course will not be easy, but nor will CS 1. I found the pace of this course perfect for someone who had never coded. I was never confused, nor was I ever bored. (Many of my friends in CS 1 found it difficult to pay attention in that class; ENGS 20 was so much more engaging.) The questions asked in my ENGS 20 class suggested that the pace was appropriate for most people: people were asking clarifying conceptual questions, not I\'m lost questions. CS 1 is usually taught in a class with 130-180 people; ENGS 20 has closer to 25-35, which meant questions were more frequent and at more appropriate times. (When we declared an array, someone asked what was in it until it was initialized.) Shepherd made it so easy to pay attention. He handed out his notes, which explained concepts, and spent the duration of class explaining them and answering our questions. We then applied the concepts by coming up with code ourselves during daily short assignments. CS 1 is a lot more of blind code copying during class and then figuring out how to use it. I didn\'t copy a single line of code for ENGS 20; I simply wrote it as I went because I understood how to use everything. You will learn so much in this course, and it is taught by phenomenal professors. This is the most rewarding class I\'ve ever taken. Even if you do later decide to go on an advanced CS track, you will not have wasted your time with this class. You use code in CS 1; you understand code in ENGS 20. This course is a Dartmouth gem. Definitely take this course. The workload may be a bit heavy but there are so many resources available. As someone who has never programmed before, I found this class very interesting even if coding is not someone I am too fond of. TAKE THIS CLASS I love Petra so dearly. This class was my favorite at Dartmouth so far, and made me want to major in CS. The lectures are extremely engaging, and the material is easy to learn because you get to work on coding exercises in class. The assignments can be tough, but if you start early you\'ll have no problem. DEFINITELY take this class This class is HARD. I had no programming experience coming in and have honestly never taken a more difficult or time consuming class, the long assignments generally took me 8+ hours to complete. Manage your time well with them cause they are incredibly difficult and stressful if you don\'t, and know going in that this class will take up a LOT of your time from about halfway into the course on. That said, Shepherd is an amazing prof, explains everything very thoroughly and super helpful and open in office hours if you need help, would recommend it with him no question Petr is a goddess, we luv petr. She keeps bees, but one summer those bees were attacked by a bear. Take this class.  Professor Taylor is the best! Great class and a lot of work, but you will come out with good skills. Plus there are plenty of opportunities to get help. The class is designed for people that have not programmed before. Amazing professor! Taylor is one of those sometimes hard-to-find Engineering professor who cares a ton about all her students and really wants to see them succeed. She uses a blended-teaching process so a lot of the class is working on small coding problems with your neighbors and some lecturing as well. Homework includes short videos that she recorded (mini lectures) and short assignments. I ended up enjoying most of the short assignments since they\'re interesting, and they force you to learn the material by using it, so if you work on these along the way, you barely have to study for the midterms. The first 7 weeks are coding in C, the last 2.5 weeks are kind of an overview of MATLAB. If you\'re worried about the class, definitely email Taylor, she responds quickly and is very straightforward and helpful.This class was very difficult. However, Shepherd does a good job at explaining the concepts and being available after class. The second half of the course is very time intensive, so I\'d recommend beginning well in advance of the deadline. The class is a major requisite for other classes - however, it spends far more time on C than Matlab. I wish the course focused more on MATLAB instead of quickly tagging it on at the end. Shepherd is an excellent prof! Lecture notes are printed in color and handed out daily, and so no actual note-taking is required in order to understand the material. All exams highly resembled practice exams given from prior years. The long assignments take 8+ hours each and the content is very fast-paced, but Shepherd is thorough and precise when explaining everything. Together, professor office hours and TA office hours are offered 6 days of the week. If you go to these office hours regularly and pay attention during lectures, this class can be a breeze. This class is difficult, but if you put in the effort, it is very rewarding. Some people love Shepherd and some people don\'t; I personally thought he was a very chill prof and taught the course very well. Also, don\'t buy the textbooks - even Shepherd says that no one should waste the money to get them and the class notes (which he provides) are more than enough to learn the material. About 2/3 of the class is spent on C and the last couple weeks on Matlab, with the most difficult content being the end of C in the middle of the term. Make sure you manage your time when it gets difficult, especially for the long assignments. Overall, 8.5/10 would recommend, and I have a newfound (mild) interest in coding because of this class :)  Petra Taylor is an amazing prof! Her classes are engaging, she is super available for office hours, and she is a very kind and friendly person. The class is partially flipped, so expect to watch Prof. Taylor\'s online lectures at home and split class time between coding practice and lecture. Like most intro comsci classes, there is a fair, but manageable, amount of busywork. The tests aren\'t too challenging and often have pretty high medians. One suggestion: make sure you pace out your work. Cramming for a long assignment or test won\'t work well! Course: interesting but probably not very useful for engineers. Spent way too little time on MATLAB Professor: great prof Workload: Lots of work but definitely worth it  Course: The class was well-paced in the beginning, but then we sped by Matlab the last 2 weeks of the course because we fell behind. I would recommend it instead of doing the CS1/CS10 option, but be prepared for daily assignments that may be difficult if you have never had computer programming experience before and killer long assignments. Professor: Professor Shepherd is pretty cool and chill. He is really helpful during office hours as well. Workload: The nightly assignments may be difficult for individuals who have not had computer programming experience before and the long assignments can be pretty tough. Start at least a week in advance! Course: well paced, nicely organized. Professor: Prof. Taylor is a very nice person, and really cares about you. She is a good lecturer, and she gets confused sometimes but her lectures are very organized and her exams are fair. Workload: Three long assignments (these take a while), a short assignment everyday, and an online module that you have to watch. I guess that\'s a lot of work but these really help with the understanding.  Course: The course was great. I had no programming experience coming in, and I never felt like I had no idea what was going on, but I definitely learned a lot. Even if programming started out as some scary monster for you, the course starts out slowly enough to explain it and then you can really do a lot with what you know. If anything, it was almost too slow. Professor: Professor Taylor was nothing special. Some people in the class thought she was basically a professional powerpoint reader, which was sometimes true. She wasn\'t a particularly engaging lecturer, but she was easy to follow and straightforward on material, giving excellent example programs. I\'ve heard a lot of good things about Shepherd, so I was bummed not to be taking from him. Workload: The workload was no problem. I had thought that the daily Short Assignments were going to be irritating, but they turned out not only to be extremely helpful for learning the material, but also even a little fun, tinkering with the program until it worked. The Long Assignments can be a little more challenging to get done, but I\'ve heard they were easier this year than in previous years. Course: TAKE THIS CLASS. extremely informative, the material is a little challenging but manageable. requires a decent time commitment, but the class is enjoyable Professor: Shepherd records his lectures and posts on blackboard, which is extremely helpful for reviewing material or if you miss class once in a while. The textbook is not necessary; handouts are very comprehensive and Shepherd really knows his material well. Workload: Long assignments were very interesting. TA sessions helped. short assignments helped a lot with learning/reviewing material This is a good intro course for engineers or anyone else interested in programming/computer science. The first 5-6 weeks are spent learning C, which can be frustrating and difficult at times because C is a pretty low level language. You need to learn a lot of syntax and techniques because you need to tell the computer to do just about anything you want it to. The last few weeks are spent learning Matlab. Matlab is much easier and quicker, because Matlab is a pretty high level language and will do a lot for you. The short assignments are pretty easy, and there is one due at the end of every lecture(not x-hours). They get increasingly harder as the year goes on though and near the end of C can be pretty difficult. The long assignments (there are four) cover a wider range of material and require a pretty significant time commitment. That being said, there are not a lot of curveballs and the material is all covered, it just takes a while to write all the code, put it together, and debug. There were office hours 6-8 M-Th. I went multiple times a week and they were very helpful. The TAs were great and were very helpful and knowledgable. Leblond is a very nice professor and very energetic and helpful. I do not think the course is exactly his area of expertise and he is new (to the school and the course), so he was a little rough on a few details (which annoyed some people), but he was very helpful in his office hours and very accommodating and understanding if anything came up. Great Prof. Great Course. It has made me very interested in computer science/computer engineering. Take this course.  It was definatly the hardest course I\'ve taken yet but I really enjoyed it, for the most part. It is very time consuming when you get to the long assignments, learn to love the long nights of stareing at a computer screen trying to find the single semi-collen that is missing. Professor Shepherd is great! Lectures teach you everything you need to know. The readings helped me but I know many who never read. Overall, it is interesting doing the problem solving stuff but definatly time consuming and hard. I loved this class, and Shepherd is the man. Make sure you start the Long Assignments early, though. They can be killer.  tough course for most, especially if you are new to engineering and are not used to long long nights in Thayer. Get used to going to office hours and getting frustrated with your computer. Incredibly rewarding once your program works though. I highly recommend it! Shepherd is the man.  It was very interesting and useful to be introduced to programming. Lectures were very well organized and Shepherd was dedicated to teaching. Everything is on the slides that Shepherd makes, and basically no one ever looks at the book after the first day. Shepherd is very chill, funny, approachable and available. The short assignments were very helpful in learning concepts, and the longer assignments made us critically think and combine these concepts. The 4 long assignments could be frustrating at times, but if you start early and go to TA hours/office hours, you will be fine. One problem I did have was that shepherd stopped assigning short assignments halfway through the term and we basically had long assignments from then on. That made it tougher to practice the concepts that we needed for the long assignments/tests. The midterms were not too bad (the medians were in the high 70s) and very much like the practice midterms that Shepherd gives, but I thought the final was very tough. I thought the course was comparable, and maybe a little bit tougher and more of a workload than the other engs prereqs, however I know that for some people who programming didn\'t come to as easily, the course was very difficult and frustrating. Overall, I thought the class was tough. It is very helpful to go to the T.A. sessions (the T.A.s were extremely good resources) and office hours. Some students definitely pick up programming faster than others do. It is helpful to have some prior programming experience, but is not necessary to succeed in the class. I thought that Professor Shepherd\'s lectures were very well organized. The short assignments were helpful in learning the basic material. The practice exams were very useful to have for the midterms and final. I wish that there were more practice problems to do. Unfortunately, the textbook (especially for MatLab) was not very helpful and did not have very good practice problems. Although I thought that the longer assignments were good, I wish that we also had short assignments concurrently, to help the students learn the basic material. The longer assignments usually combined multiple new concepts that we hadn\'t been tested on and if a student\'s basic knowledge of the concepts were not solid it would be very difficult to complete the longer assignment. Furthermore, even though the lectures were very well structured, I wish that we did more examples in class that combine multiple new concepts (like a longer assignment) so that it was easier to understand the big picture. I didn\'t even know what computer programming was before taking this class, and I ended up really enjoying the feeling of getting a program to work after hours of debugging. That being said, the class is a decent amount of work, but not a life ruiner. Going to Shepherd\'s office hours really helps, he\'s awesome, and more helpful than the TA office hours. Also, reading the books helps too. You have short assignments for every class for the 1st half of the term, then 4 long assignments which are assigned weekly in the second half of the term. There are 2 midterms and a final, all of which are absurdly difficult. The median was consistently in the 60s, and he curves it so don\'t worry! shepherd starts the class off ridiculously slow, and while that pacing is appropriate for the harder material like pointers (which he barely glances over), you\'re already mentally checked out by that point. also be very wary of what the TAs tell you re: what\'s expected on an assignment - at least once that I caught something that was explicitly stated as optional by a TA turned out to be required by the prof. also if you\'re taking this to learn matlab, 2 weeks are spent on that, 8 weeks on C. It makes sense, C is a more basic language and is less intuitive, but I know at least one person got fooled by the ORC description. it\'s not horrendous, but try not to fall asleep in class.