4 projects mainly focused on art/visual display of information rather than actual information displayed. Workload is not at all intensive but projects are the main weight of grade and it isn\'t super clear how they\'re going to be graded. I enjoyed the creativity exercises that we had for homework, although I sometimes questioned how relevant they were to the course. Also, projects make up the majority of our grade. I think that the projects were okay, but I did not like how they decided that project 1 should be a rough draft instead of a final AFTER we had turned it in. I enjoyed the fact that assessments were project-based and students had the freedom to choose what they would like to research. I felt that method of evaluation was appropriate for the course. I liked the project-focus and task focused classes and evaluations. I don\'t think I would change anything about that! I liked the projects! They challenged me to go in-depth on a specific device/mechanism and understand it well enough to explain clearly to others. I liked the projects, but thought they were so close together i was often rushed for time. I loved that this course focused on learning the material rather than worrying about grades. Although there were only 4 projects, it put a lot of pressure on us to do well on them. I think that we should be graded on material learned in class somehow. Less grading on artistic ability. I thought that the 4 projects, sketching, and online quizzes were balanced really well. I was never bombarded by work, but I always had something to do. If you know how to sketch / have some sort of artistic ability, go for it. If you don\'t, don\'t be discouraged by the course but know that there is a more of a challenge for you there. There are only four projects, no midterms or finals, and all are of equal weight. There are Canvas exercises due every week but those are really fun. Just 4 projects. No exams. Workload is not bad at all, but putting together good projects takes time and creativity. Projects were fun but needed more instruction. Projects were often back to back. The projects were a bit complicated to understand and not necessarily fair.  The labs were super interesting and tons of fun. having a consistent ways of assessing projects allowed students to observe their growth. Fairly lecture-heavy, but the lectures were not boring and often had activities integrated. Good balance overall. I liked the class structure. Lectures combined with class speakers and exercises was a great way to be introduced to the material. I liked the class. I really enjoyed each class, but I felt kind of thrown into the wilderness with the drawing aspects. I think at times there was too much time spent going over sketchbooks and not enough time actually practicing drawing skills. I think the structure of the class could be clarified. I thought it was a great combination. Every class was different, which kept it interesting. It was mostly lecture and a lot of the time, David just critiquing our work, which could be good and bad. I personally think it would have been more effective if the class were smaller. Lectures and labs were really helpful. However, they did not reflect what the projects were about/being graded on. Lots of time were available for discussion, however, I was unsure what the instructors wanted students to get out from the discussions. Really effective. The class was often casual lectures introducing some new engineering concept, fun building activities in the lab, or small group discussions on our projects. The lectures were good and balanced. The structure of the class was great. a bit more drawing time and instructure. A good course to get your TAS distributive, or to get an introduction to engineering. A good introduction to the work being done in the engineering department. After taking this course, I am interested in taking further engineering courses and learning more about the topics that we skimmed over. Although it took me 10 weeks, I can now draw basic concepts in 3-dimensions. Definitely good exposure to Thayer for non-majors. Expanded my academic horizon I learned basing engineering concepts. learned to view things differently. Rather than seeing something at face value, I seek to understand how it works. I really enjoyed this class, and I appreciated being exposed to engineering through this class. I was exposed to how many cool things you can do at Thayer. It has truly increased my interest in Engineering. It made me think very critically about the way presentations are designed and executed by people! Especially with so much on the internet these days, there is so much to be said about producing your own diagrams. It was a cool way to experience a field I\'ve never looked into before :) Made me a better examiner and sketcher. Not all that much. Probably not going to major in engineering. Loved this class. I\'ll start off by saying this isn\'t really an engineering class. It\'s an art class with a focus on engineering i.e you don\'t draw flowers, you draw electrical systems. There was no math, physics, or real engineering involved at any point. Not sure what the reviewer was talking about since we never had any problem sets. Weekly sketches were usually extremely easy and totally based on completion. Class time was either a drawing lesson from David or some really fun little engineering project from Vicki (these were my favorite as we got to make a little solar lamp, molds, etc). The bulk of our grade came from larger drawing projects, where you picked some engineering system to explain through visuals. As someone who literally can\'t draw, I’d say that you can good a good grade with some decent (but not taxing) effort. The best option is to consult with David about what you plan to do because he’s kind of picky (and yes, he will critique every project in front of the class. But don\'t worry, it happens to everyone) . You do have to put effort into your drawings, so don’t take this if you want to spend twenty minutes putting together your projects (I put in like an hour or so for each, maybe more for my final, and got an A). This is for people who want an art credit that actually involves some sort of visual art and really enjoy STEM, but don’t want to wade into the deep waters of the studio art department. It requires some work, but is very fun and won’t take up tons of time. Great class - very watered down ENGS class that focuses are visuals rather than math. Weekly problem sets are completion based. Have to do weekly sketches for homework. 4 visual art presentation depicting different forces - Macaulay is a world renowned architectural artist who critiques everyone presentations in front of the class but gives everyone an A for doing work. Vicki is also a great professor. She takes down into the Thayer work shops to try cool projects also for completion. Just go to class and complete the work and you\'ll get an A."