Projects, took a lot of time outside of class but enforced learning in best way possible She graded projects pretty hard but fairly. The projects were helpful, because they made us work on our skills with the system. The workload was alot more than anticipated as the learning curve associated with understanding Maya and dedicating time to perfecting these animations was intense. I would have liked the readings to have been more involved in the course as there was no assessments for it and they didn\'t seem very helpful outside what we were learning, more as additional interests. There are weekly assignments, but no exams or papers. projects Assignments were fairly graded It was all projects. Professor Hannaway assigned weekly assignments that built on every assignment and a final project to bring everything together. It worked great and I felt like every assignment definitely helped me practice the material we had learned in class that week. Projects were due once a week, usually of manageable size The weekly homework assignments helped reinforce my understanding of the course material. We only had animation assignments that we created using the Maya Software. The workload was quite a bit - I spent about one or two hours every day for a few days on each assignment. Prepare to spend a lot of time on the final project, at least several hours a day every day for the week that we had to complete it. good methods of evaluation - some assignments graded harshly Expect to spend 5-10 hours in the lab on later assignments if you want them to look good. You have to put in the work to get anything out of this class I don’t think quizzes were necessary Mainly project based, with one quiz. Final project. Assignments get harder and require more timr One quiz, labs due every week reflecting what we\'d been learning in class that week. Most of the workload was focused near the end on the final project. The assignments were unwieldy and huge at times, because of how there was room for creativity and people could bite off more than they could chew. Also, the readings we were assigned had little to do with actually doing the work in Maya since they were all about hand drawn. The only thing I didn\'t like was the quiz that we took during Week 2. I felt like it didn\'t really test our knowledge of the concepts we had learned. The pop quiz were stressful but helpful in understanding what the prof\'s expectations were. They were fair. The quiz was confusing to me because I didn\'t see how it served to enforce our understanding of animation in practice. The weekly assignments + the final project are a good way to do grading for this course. I found the one quiz a bit random, not bad, just like I\'m not sure what it added to the course. We need to demonstrate we know timing and spacing, and the bowling ball and balloon assignment accomplishes that. Though this course was a lot of work, I found the workload reasonable. The assignments were very reasonable, though I found the grading to be confusing. Weekly Maya assignments with a big final project that I wish I could have put more work into.. Also some light action drawing and one quiz at the beginning final project was fun to do but the process for doing it was laid out poorly and didn\'t help at all. Workload is ridiculous. Mainly project based The class is solely based on weekly assignments and a final project. You can resubmit assignments (but the original grade and the new grade will be averaged). My suggestion would be to not leave anything for the end and working a couple of hours a day and the assignments will feel enjoyable. They were logical, learning by doing was important. Workload was a lot compared ot an average class, but fairly rewarding. Mostly hands on learning. But some of the lectures seemed unnecessary Mostly lecture and lab work N/A The class is mostly lecture, but students can ask questions. The class was almost entirely lecture with many of the lectures just watching as Professor Hannaway illustrated a concept in Maya. lecture I think the structure was a good mixture of lecture and Professor Hannaway demonstrating examples for us and showing us through the software step-by-step. It was mostly lecture. Mostly lecture, little to no discussion The in-class lab work was very helpful and the demonstrations helped explain concepts clearer. There was a good mix between lecture and animation There wasn\'t a whole lot of discussion but I really enjoyed the lecture. It was a lot of lecture and lab work which I thoroughly enjoyed. There were also some days when we would do fun activities like acting out our assignments in class before doing them which was also fun. good lectures Beginning of classes sometimes viewing our previous labs and critiquing them and then moving onto learn the next concepts. Good mix I think a bit less lecture could possibly be beneficial It was a good balance between lecture and discussion. Lecture only - but it\'s necessary. Mainly lecture Mix of lecture/work time in the lab The problem was that when she was at the board people would noodle away at their computers and not pay attention. Good balance, perhaps more time dedicated to our own work. Good structure. There was an effective combination of explaining how to do something and then applying it in class. I like the class structure. It\'s good mix of follow by example and in-class working on projects. Mainly lecture during class with some working class periods with prof Hannaway stopping by and helping each student individually class was largely a waste of time. We sat around doing nothing, and then when we\'d work on our assignments, we\'d have to figure out most things by ourselves I think more time could’ve been spent on activities with teacher supervision, more learning by doing. Lecture and on hands learning Mostly lecture but places for questions were there. She takes attendance in every lecture during which she usually talks about whatever assignment, model, animation principle we will be using that week. Usually, you can\'t start the assignment until the end of the week because she doesn\'t give the instructions until the last class of the week. Her office hours are very helpful and she will give you tips on how to improve your assignments as well as simply have a talk about the animation life in general. I have been toying with the idea of CS and Digital Art for awhile, and after taking CS 10 and this course I have concluded it\'s not for me. I appreciate the experience and enjoyed the course, however I am just not passionate nor apt at this particular field. I know how amazing the digital arts are now, but I now realize that I would rather not do work as an animator. I would love, however, to work in a related field. It makes me want to take more classes in digital arts! N/A Positive, I really enjoyed this class and hope to animate in the future! This course made me more interested in computer animation, and is pushing me to modify the cs major with digital arts. will not pursue digital arts Despite the workload, I absolutely loved this class. It was different from every other class I\'ve taken and I found it extremely satisfying and rewarding. Although I\'m a junior, I\'m hoping to take at least one or two more digital arts courses. This has also taught me a lot about what interests me and inspired me to pursue more project-based and design-related courses and even potential careers. Greatly!! I have always known I wanted to go into animation but I was uncertain. Now I definitely want to pursue animation and film and I am so glad I took this course. I\'m hoping to pursue animation even more. It helped me fulfill a requirement of my minor. Yes I would love to take more animation courses at Dartmouth will take more classes in dept. I am really in love with digital art, but animation was the very first step I\'ve taken into consideration with the minor. Hope it works out for me! I really did enjoy the material, but the class is just poorly structured and a little too individual (people glued to their screens.) I will still continue to pursue the digital arts minor I will take COSC26 come spring. It was a fun course! I learned a lot and am happy about the major I\'ve chosen Made me more interested in the digital art minor Major class, made me appreciate more the work that animators do for films Super mind-blowing to learn how animation is done from a true animation professional. Have already recommended the class to several peers. I learned a lot about the basic concepts behind computer animation and have a healthy respect for animators. I would def. consider taking more digital arts courses like CS22 digital modeling I loved this class. If you want something a more random for an art distrib this is a great class. I really enjoyed this class. It challenged me creatively, which is something that I don\'t experience in a lot of my classes. Its not only helped me appreciate animation in general, but also has given me valuable insight about my own creative mind/processes. Loved it! A meaningful part of my experience and enhanced the fun I\'ve already been having with the digital arts minor. regret taking this class Digital arts major complete! (Almost) I did not enjoy it and won’t take any more digital arts classes. I learned a lot but I would not take it again. So far it is one of my favorite courses at Dartmouth. TIt was very useful to work with somebody with experience in the industry and receive insider tips. First of all, Hannaway\'s a legend. She\'s been in the industry since the beginning and has done amazing work such as Gollum from LOTR, donkey from Shrek, and other Disney classics like Mulan and Pocahontas. She likes to tell stories from her time in the industry which is fascinating and she obviously has a lot of connections. Sometimes, the advice she gives you may seem to contradict itself but just go with it because she knows what she\'s talking about. The class is structured as lecture with some work sessions where Hannaway goes around helping one-on-one. If possible, always have her look at her work cause she\'ll do a lot of the basics for you and you will save a lot of time. The course is mainly learning to use Maya to pose and animate, with some action-line drawing which is pretty easy even for the not artsy. Taking CS22 beforehand will make your animations look better. Devote a lot of time to your final project cause everyone else will as well and you don\'t want yours looking crappy at the final screening. Overall, this class is not a layup and a lot of work but you def. learn a lot from one of the greats in the field. It makes a great art distrib if you\'re not afraid to put in a little more work than the typical class. This class was a lot of fun and very hands on. Learning how to use Maya opens up the possibility of jobs in Computer Science or animation. Prof. Loeb is a really kind professor.I loved the way she tied computer animation to films, TV, other media and real life. This a great class but you have to be willing to dedicate a lot of time (probably 10-20+hours a week) especially at the end to have decent animations. This is not an easy class, so I would not combine it with other tough subjects (labs, drills etc.). It is a class worth taking just for the experience though; it is very different from anything else you\'ll ever do at Dartmouth . Lorie is the greatest prof I\'ve ever had, her ability to inspire interest and creativity is truly spectacular. A must-take, but be ready to work hard, especially towards the end of the term. This was by far the best class I\'ve taken at Dartmouth. Lorie is an incredible prof - not only is she incredibly knowledgeable about animation, but she\'s also extremely energetic and absolutely loves to help the students in the class learn. The class itself is a lot of fun. It pretty much revolves around hands-on experience with Maya, a state-of-the-art animation program. It culminates in a final project with you have to present to the class at the end of the term. Even if you\'re not a digital arts minor, or not even interested in computers or graphics, definitely take this class. It\'s practical and insanely fun, plus the TAs and the prof are amazing. You\'ll probably work harder than you will in any other class at Dartmouth, but it\'s worth it - no question. Highly recommended. This is a course where you learn by doing, which means that you will have to put a lot of time into the class if you want to see results. The professor is helpful, but she cannot be in the lab 24/7. Because of this and the fact that most people get their work done in the afternoon or late at night, the class all depends on the availability of the TAs. However, I\'d wager to guess that all DA minors will have the dedication to work with students, like ours did. Besides being a class I was genuinely interested in, the course is enhanced significantly be the professor, Lorie Loeb. She is energetic, quirky, and just great fun to have, and she makes it a point to get to know each student. That aside, the class itself is immensely interesting. You work in Maya, a 3-D software program, and use already built and rigged models to make little animations that build up in complexity, starting with making a ball bounce and ending in a short animated film of your own choosing. You not only learn how to use Maya, but also learn film techniques using cameras, lights, storyboarding, and much more. This is where Lorie\'s film background really kicks in, as she studied film at NYU. An all around great course, and I highly recommend taking a class with Lorie before you\'re done at Dartmouth, even if you have no computer experience whatsoever. Lorie = best prof ever for this course TA\'s = most amazing resource you could have Class = best class ever This course will take all the time you give it and then some, and you will always wish you could have put more time into each assignment. The truth is you can probably do very little and get by, but it\'s not worth it to take the course if you don\'t want to spend hours in the lab with your classmates cursing Maya for crashing before you saved. If you are interested in animation *at all* then this is an absolute must course for you! Lorie is an excellent teacher (extremely nice, understanding, entertaining, inspiring, and helpful) and the class seems to attract a diverse and interesting group of people which made everything a lot more fun. Assignments can take as much or as little time as you want to put into them but you can expect to spend many hours in the lab. Animations are screened in front of the class and critiqued which is a pretty good motivation to get things done on time and work hard on them DEFINITELY WORTH TAKING. Gives you a whole new perspective on the process of animation--how much work goes into every little part, the amount of patience and cooperativeness necessary to making a really good animation. Lorie is incredible--very caring and patient, shares a lot about her background and how she got into the animation world. Very experienced so she rarely doesn\'t know how to answer a question. TA\'s are soo helpful too--when you have a problem, they work till the end to fix it for you. Overall, this class has probably turned me into a digital arts minor. This class is more time consuming and more constantly on my mind than any class Ive taken here yet, but in the end you see how much you\'ve achieved and its incredible. CS32 was undoubtedly one of the best classes I\'ve taken at Dartmouth. Lorie was a simply MARVELOUS prof - literally, she couldn\'t have been any better. She had tons of energy, was willing to help us out in whatever way she could, and was incredibly supportive and encouraging even when we were particularly frustrated with trying to do the assignments. I would blitz her from the lab at like midnight, and she would respond 10 minutes later - it was almost ridiculous how willing she was to help, regardless of what time of day it was. The whole course is based around learning how to use the industry-standard computer program for animation - Maya. Assignments are due every Monday, each of which is reflective of some animation concept that Lorie has taught the class about in the past week. You spend half the time trying to wrestle with Maya to get it to do what you want, and the other half of the time actually animating. Overall, the class is REALLY time-consuming - you will probably spend a minimum of 6-8 hours on the weekly assignments, but often more than that. And I probably spent nearly 50 hours on my final project. There\'s a reason that they call the Mac lab in Sudikoff the Sudikoffin - you\'ll be spending a LOT of time in that room. However, once your animations are finally done and rendered, everything is worth the work. You\'ll be so proud of what you\'ve accomplished, and Lorie is really supportive and encouraging when she does in-class screenings of people\'s work on Mondays. Do NOT take this class if you\'re just looking for an ART distrib; there are way easier ways to do that, but if you have any interest in animation, digital arts, or want a course where you\'ll feel incredibly fulfilled at the end, take CS32. Lorie is amazing, and you won\'t be disappointed with everything that you\\'ll have been able to accomplish by the end of the term.