it was a fair workload, but a little too backloaded 3 exams, a lab assignment and a final project. Tests were an apt way to evaluate students. Final projects and assignments were great ways to summarize all information learned in the course Workload was fine. I wish the MATLAB assignment were earlier in the term. Maybe during the neuroscience section (1st third). rigorous I think all expectations were fair. The exams tested our knowledge of the course well and we were given adequate time for both projects. I thought it was great! The tests were a very fair representation of the lecture material, and I thought the final project was great in giving us the opportunity to examine applications of the course content in areas that are of specific interest to us. Tests were too easy and graded too strictly (worst combination in my opinion because it fails to differentiate the people who are truly learning the material)  The workload was virtually nonexistent because readings were non-essential although they were interesting (and written by Granger himself often times). The final exam coincided with the final project, which meant time had to be divided between the both of them. Besides that, though, the workload wasn\'t unloke a typical course at Dartmouth. The tests were not accurate representations of the course material. It felt like they focused on random facts instead of the big picture (especially on the final exam, like there were questions about the number of genes in a fruit fly, but none on computational representations of the striatum- a major part of the course). YEah it was good. I thought that the material included in tests/assignments was reasonable. Tests and projects The class was primarily graded on three exams that do not appropriately cover what is emphasized during class lecture. Other than that, there is also a Matlab programming assignment and a final project. These two project-based assessments took an exorbitant amount of time and really did not reinforce my learning. The midterms were fair but going in to ask about points was also useful, as sometimes points were removed unfairly exam material is sometime extremely archaic - might have mentioned in passing or as the answer to a one-off question -two midterms, one final. -one homework assignment in MATLAB, where you don\'t have to code. You just have to run the code. But his instructions are also pretty confusing. -Final project: choose to do a wiki page or code a program to run an algorithm on a specific data set. 2 midterms 1 matlab coding assignment 1 final assignment- a wiki essay type thing (?) or a personal choice coding assignment final exam Fair evaluations; would be helpful to get more feedback after submitting assignments. Good. I think the tests were fair. N/A Tests had too much memorization and not enough thinking questions. There are three exams, each of which is short-answer. The questions aren\'t difficult, but the first two exams had a bit of time pressure, and the grader is often looking for specific answers. There were readings for each class, some of which were rather extensive (40+ pages of scientific papers), but the readings played only a very small role in the course. Frankly, a student could probably skip the readings without his grade suffering. The course also had two projects towards the end (or, alternatively, the student could opt for a single large project). These projects were reasonable, but it\'s worth noting that since they happened towards the end of the term, the course workload was nowhere near evenly distributed throughout the term. There were very few assignments outside of a final project and exams. Some optional problem sets could have helped students review his lectures better since there is no textbook to reference. All lectures. Sit back, sip a tea, and listen. Don\'t miss them. You\'ll then be fine for any exams (hardly any studying necessary if you do that). The exams were perfect. Two midterms, one Final. Midterm one is all memorization, midterm 2 is math, final is both but some more random facts from the seconnd class and some new theoretical stuff fair. All lecture . Class was a hybrid of a lecture with ample time for questions and discussion. Very much enjoyed the structure of the class Great mix. Mostly lecture well balanced A little too much lecture. The professor tried to engage the class but we were a tough class and didn\'t respond. Two hours is a long time to sit in lecture and I think that we would\'ve benefited from a 5 minute break in the middle of the class. Every class is a lecture but Granger is always open to questions (even if he never specifically asks for them) I would have liked to have some short discussions about some of the readings, because they were very interesting and we didn\'t really cover some of the details in class. No structure, all dry lecture There was no discussion. Although our class was primarily lecture-based, I appreciated how students would occasionally have brief back-and-forth discussions with the professor when asking questions. Lecture No discussion only lecture The class is entirely lecture, but the professor is very receptive to answering in-class questions. n/a -All lecture, but you can ask questions. Really boring lectures. Fine. Small groups would be helpful (like cs sections) Good balance. Lecture, however, could be clearer. Good. N/A Purely lecture based, which I think is good for the wide and complex range of topics being taught. Professor always willing to stop to answer qeustions. The class is structured almost entirely as a lecture. That being said, Professor Granger does a good job of fielding questions from the class, and so portions of his lecture often felt more like discussions that like a lecture. The class structure was all lecture, but as long as Professor Granger changes his lecture, then maybe the class will be better. entirely lecture but free to ask questions All lecture All lectures. It\'s like a movie theater in Moore B03. Little discussion between students mostly lectures and some questions here and there. The class was mainly lecture, but I found Granger\'s lecture style to be very unique.  I loved his lectures.  They were always funny, and they brought the mood up when teaching relatively dense material. After taking this course, I understand how some mathematical models used in computer applications are based on the behavior of the brain. I would like to take another neuro class/do research in comp neuro I\'m very interested in machine learning and artificial intelligence but this course now has me more interested in learning about the biological systems that we are trying to replicate in software and hardware. Solidified interests in neuroscience and computer science. Definitely a great experience, I am really glad I took this class. I have started to become more interested in more computational areas of biology and this class definitely increased that interest. I am really interested in ANNs now. I am very interested in the subject, so I will keep taking classes in this area. Only the last half of the class fueled my interest though. I loved the material but didn\'t like the course structure, so I need to look at these course assessments before I choose to take another class like this. I think this course should have the additional prerequisite of Psych and CS, as opposed to Psych or CS. As a CS student who hadn\'t previously taken any Psych or Bio courses here, I struggled to understand some of the material on the non-CS side. No real effect Really loved it and I wish there was a Computational Neuroscience major! positively It was interesting, wish I had time to take Machine Learning to learn more This class help me finalize my major plans. This was by far one of the most challenging courses that I have taken at Dartmouth, but I really benefitted a lot from taking this class. I now can say that I have familiarity with concepts in artificial neural networks and brain engineering, two absolutely fascinating fields that I knew absolutely nothing about before enrolling in this class. Well fulfilled my last distrib I liked this course, and I will continue to take more neuroscience courses. I seriously do not want to continue with Neuroscience because of this course. I genuinely hated this course, and it\'s sad because I was very interested in computational neuroscience. Lots of good knowledge for understanding the state of artificial intelligence Made me a lot more interested in the ML field. Plan on pursuing more similar classes. N/A None. Needed for a distrib. Honestly, regret taking the course. Positive. really liked this class! already was a computational cognitive neuroscience major but plan to continue this Exposed me to neuroscience / machine intelligence - love it! I took this course because it was a combination of the exact two things I am trying to study, Computer Science and Neuroscience.  Honestly, this course reinforced myself that I want to keep studying those subjects.  It also showed me that I can be intellectually curious about content like this and that there\'s so much more to learn.  I\'m going to try to take more classes like this. It was a great example of what an interdisciplinary class could look like. It made me much more excited about other such classes that combine several subjects. N/A interesting background knowledge into ML. Was planning to take ML anyways but now I have more contextual knowledge to why things are being done the way they are. Wish this was a CS major course. Of course this would require some more coding, but I wouldn\'t mind it. Seems like much of basic ANN is mostly plug and chug anyways The material isn\'t bad in itself but the textbook is rambling and not theoretical at all, so a reading course with books of one’s own choice would serve better. I see no reason for taking this class except for TAS. This is not a very difficult class, as long as you keep up with the work. Some topics covered are more confusing than others and I needed to go in and get some help during office hours, but the prof was very happy to go through everything until i got it. The material for this course is not very interesting. Most of it is simply learning new notations and new methods for solving the same types of linear programming problems. Some people had trouble in this course who hadn\'t had a good background in matrix algebra. I\'d strongly recommend taking math 22 before taking this course. Though Professor Orellana seems dedicated to teaching and being certain her students understand mathematical concepts, she has trouble understanding and responding to student\'s questions. if you\'re going to use LP in a business setting (generally operations, engineering, cs) definitely take this course. if not, i\'d think about taking something else The course could have been better. This class is so easy. But Sutton is terrible. During the classes, I had to really try to keep my cool because his lectures were so irritating. He didn\'t teach at all! The first part of each class was a review of the last class, and then he would teach maybe half a new concept for the rest of the lecture. So really you could probably do fine if you just went every other class. But even so, Sutton was unacceptably bad. I have had horrible professors in the math department, but Sutton managed to be even worse. I didn\'t even know it was possible to be that bad! Linear programming is a really easy class, but since Sutton didn\'t teach well at all it made learning the material much more difficult than it should have been. Avoid Sutton at all costs. If you ever take a class with him, you will regret it. I guarantee it.