Good - didn\'t like quiz on last day of class. Should have been during finals. - I liked that all quizzes were weighted equally, however. - Practice Problems were not that helpful because practice problems would only cover 4 unique topics, and then quiz would cover 4 different topics - this was especially true for last quiz. Give more practice problems! - Labs were cool, short assignments were cool. Although Reflections were silly. Don\'t require reflections. 4 quizzes which felt more like exams (1 dropped), 4 long assignments (labs), 10ish short assignments worth the equivalent as the long assignments (so definitely don\'t short shrift them unlike in CS1 or 10). Exams always had one question that most people could not understand because it was poorly worded. Workload starting around week 3 was pretty heavy as the long assignments are really long and the short assignments are quick-turnaround but after the 3rd one they also became fairly in-depth. 4 labs, 4 quizzes, 7 short assignments. Labs take around 4-6 hours, and quizzes got really hard. 4 labs, 8? short assignments, and 4 quizzes. You get to drop 1 quiz. It\'s easy to miss entire questions on a quiz and get a C. 4 long assignments, 7 short assignments, 4 quizzes (dropped lowest one): messing up on a single lab was very costly to our grade; perhaps have 5 labs with the lowest one also dropped like our quiz 4 quizzes (drop the lowest of the first three), short assignments, and long assignments (basically labs). I thought the assignments were a great test of knowledge, particularly because the lectures were largely math-focused but this class is a CS class. The quizzes were hard, but definitely tested whether or not you had a firm understanding of what was being taught. 4 quizzes of increasing difficulty. You can drop your lowest one, but not the last one. 7 short assignments (1-3 hours each), and 4 labs (3-6 hours each) 4 quizzes, 9 short assignments, and 4 labs, lowest quiz grade from the first three quizzes will be dropped Again the assignments did not help for the quizzes. It felt like we were taking two different classes and the overlap was incredibly tiny. Ultimately the issue was that the assignments spoon fed us the set up to the problems while the quizzes were asking for that. I felt like I walked out of the course with just some idea of both MatLab or linear algebra and absolutely no concrete idea of either. By the last quiz there was so much material that it felt like if you forget one topic it would cost you two letter grades, even if you were really good with the other concepts. Basically 90% comprehension in the course would often get reflected by a 75% grade because the one topic you were shaky at showed up and you had no chance to prove your comprehension in any of the other topics. Buggy homework assignments. I have full points on a homework that still doesn\'t work.  Very light course load if you are even half decent at precalculus. quiz 1 and 2 were not ideal.  The other quizzes were fair. Four quizzes, one could be dropped. Many short assignments and labs in matlab Grading on tests were very difficult. It was out of 40 points, but little partial credit was given. The 40 points were based on 4 questions. The class medians for the quizzes were low, and the assignments did little to reinforce things learned in class. These assignments were really poorly organized. Students spent lots of time in office hours trying to figure out instructions with the TAs. I liked how we have a total of 4 quizzes, one every other week, and one could be dropped. I found, however, the wording of the questions often very confusing and even misleading. I think the quizzes method but I do think there should be a full on final at the end some of the labs were pretty hard - but I think that\'s good, but maybe put an emphasis on them at the start I thought the quizzes were hard, but very fair. I prefer them over 1-2 large midterms/exams. I personally felt my TA was very strict with the grading, and I feel there was a lack of consistency between the grading of my labs and the grading of others. It happened It was fair. It was great! More written homeworks at the end. Practice questions were NOT indicative of exam 4 Practice questions would be nice also being specific on what we were getting tested on would be nice. Quizes didnt really reflect my knowledge. I feel like they were confusing, but then when I saw solutions I realized I knew everything. I would perhaps make them even harder, just clearer. Quizzes were short but very difficult! Long assignments were manageable Quizzes were terrible all around. Good - perfect. keep exercises, although as I mentioned make them math focused. dont do matlab exercises in class. but do provide example matlab code, helps a lot for labs. A lot of lecture, open for questions but mostly lecture. All lecture All lecture based, appropriate for the class All lecture, very effective; more in class exercises could be helpful All lexture Almost all lecture, except when he answers questions, but that makes sense, as it\'s a CS/math class. Entirely lecture Good lectures. Homework from beginning helps you learn material better. Start the labs early. Study a lot for tests. Good mix between the two, as Farid always took time to answer questions. I didn\'t enjoy the in-class exercises. I had no issues I think that despite it only being a lecture course, it was very dynamic. I think you should think about adding optional TA sessions just for learning MatLab and stuff. Similar to recitation sections from CS 1 and CS 10 but optional since this class is a QDS not a TLA. It was all lecture It was all lecture but he never left a question inanswered It was all lecture, which is reasonable for a course like this. It was all lecture, which was a fine format for this class. Lecture Lecture and in class activities were nice. Lecture based Lecture-focused, but I thought that made the most sense, plenty of office hours for discussing things further No comments. Perfect. Primarily lecture but open for questions. Solid mix, discussion helped considerably with understanding slides. Sometimes the lecture got a little dry -- the class is all lecture based so that was tough. The lectures were very involved and inclusive The mix was good. I am one of the few people who took this class purely out of interest. I don\'t regret taking it because this class did make me more comfortable with math, however, I do think it\'s a bit non-accessible — in the sense that you need a strong math background to do well. I do worry about how this will change the makeup of CS majors to be more homogenous, as I noted above.   All in all, great lectures, made me more comfortable with math, but I do think it was a little on the hard side, and I makes me want to take easier classes next time I have the opportunity to do take something out of interest. - I\'ll take more CS after this ...I am still a cs major... Best professor I’ve ever had By far one, if not the, best course I have taken at Dartmouth. Entertaining class and not too much work. Even though the class was somewhat shaky at times with exams, I thought it really helped me learn computer science. Professor Farid is really amazing. Extremely positively; it made me a lot more interested in CS and its applications Hany Farid affected my academic experience--man is a genius. Loved the course. Heat time I can now take higher level CS classes with linear algebra. Hurray!! I do not plan to take more CS courses after this I enjoyed this class and definitely found the material interesting and applicable toward my future career in CS. The only regret that I have is not doing as well as I hoped on the quizzes, which ultimately hurt my final grade very much. I gained a lot more interest in ML and AI. I have learnt to never take a course in the first time that it is offered. I really enjoyed learning ways that my knowledge in Mathematics and Computer Science can be applied, even with my relatively basic skill set.  I also became more interested in the intersection of math and cs, which I hope to learn more about soon in CS 30 and 31 I thought I learned a lot of very applicable and useful information in this class. Definitely one of my largest learning-classes at Dartmouth! I want to keep taking CS. I will never take another CS course I will take more theoretical CS courses. I\'m dropping CS as a major I\'m still continuing down the CS path, but I\'m really worrying about how prepared I am in linear algebra and feel like I\'ll have to reteach it to myself down the line. Increased my interest in CS It helped me develop a stronger basis for future courses in CS and data analysis. It made me angry.  However, the concepts we studied themselves were super interesting so I\'m excited to pursue more math as it applies to computer science.  Especially concerning space and data dimensionality. It sparked my interests more in all the applications possible through Computer Science. It was an amazing course It was great! I\'m graduating, and I enjoyed the concepts. I think this course is very complementary to take upper level classes. It was my 3rd CS class, first since I stopped being a major. Seemed relatively useful for my data background Made me glad I\'m not a CS major. Torresani was one of the two worst professors I\'ve had at Dartmouth. There is no textbook, a single practice problem for every complicated concept covered in the class, and no recordings of lectures, meaning the singular way to learn is to get the concept perfectly in class or attend office hours. In class, he is often confusing and difficult to understand, and frequently makes mistakes that have to be corrected by the students. The class is graded based on short and long assignments and quizzes. The short and long assignments were graded fairly. However, the quizzes were sometimes extremely difficult simply because we had barely any practice with any of the concepts, especially the final, which numerous people got below a 60% on. Additionally, the class is not curved. Given that it\'s no longer a prereq for the major/minor, there\'s literally no reason to take this class. Matlab is a terrible and pretty useless language, Torresani is a garbage professor, and it\'s just not worth your time. The structure of the class was so poor -- the lectures were theoretical, problem sets were in Matlab that had nothing to do with exams, and exams were applied, yet we only got 1-2 practice problems per exam. There isn\'t any textbook, and it\'s difficult to find practice problems online. When a student asked Prof. Torresani if he could give us more practice problems, he said that reviewing the lecture slides and doing the one practice problem for our last exam would be enough. Also, I had a really hard time piecing different concepts in the class together. I think that Prof. Torresani could have done a better job teaching the overall big picture. We were always tested on something we had never seen on the exams because the exams were applied, and it was almost as if we were expected to know linear algebra walking into the class though most of us did not. He also didn\'t give us our old exams back. It was always unclear how he would grade us (curve or no curve? curve on only exams?)... I did appreciate how he reviewed previous topics before jumping into new ones, but I didn\'t appreciate how he used a bunch of different mathematical notations (super not helpful). Overall, the topics are interesting but perhaps we could have learned more and better with a different professor. Torresani is actually a good lecturer. He really tries to explain the concepts clearly and thoroughly. Unfortunately, that\'s the only good thing about the class. The lectures were purely theory, whereas the homework was usually in matlab. It was a huge leap from knowing the theory to having to implement it in code, especially for people like me who learn more by doing practice problems. The quizzes (four of them, no final) were applied problems written by hand. Neither the quizzes, nor the lectures, nor the homework prepared you for the others. There was no actual matlab tutorial, so a lot of the homework was just googling how to work with matlab unless you had prior experience. Even if you did, the homework did nothing to help you learn the material, understand/master the concepts, or prepare you for the quizzes (Again, particularly difficult if you learn by practice). The final medians on the quizzes were 90, 71, 67, and 52 respectively (The first quiz was just knowing vectors in a normal xy plane and solving system of linear equations, stuff you did high school, hence the high median. It was all downhill from there). If half of the people hadn\'t dropped the class, they would have been lower. Although the concepts and questions were tough, I think the structure of the class is to blame. People in office hours were constantly lost in the class and were struggling to keep up, again, because the lectures didn\'t help with the assignments, which did jack sh*t to prepare you for the quizzes (which we never got back btw). To be fair, we always had one-two practice questions that were solved by hand, similar to actual quiz a few classes before the actual quiz. Those actually give you a sense of what the quizzes are like, so you\'re not going in totally blind, but again, it\'s only one or two questions. This was also only the third time the class was offered, and it was Torresani\'s first time teaching it. Hopefully they will improve the structure of it in the future. The only good thing about the course was the Professor. Torresani is a very skilled lecturer and is very engaged. The structure and format of the class were horrible. The topic selection was a hot mess and nothing was explored in any detail. The class felt like it was a speedy review of a number of topics rather than a study of them. I am pretty sure the Professor though most of us had taken linear algebra before the course when most students had not. Homework was generally fair, however, it had nothing to do with the exams. Not enough practice was offered. There was not an assigned(or recommended book) for the class. AMAZING PROFESSOR, I\'m so glad I was able to take this class with Professor Farid before he left, his lectures were very interesting and he made the material easy to understand, the short assignments were relatively easy, the labs took awhile to get sometimes but in comparison to CS10 labs they were much easier, you have 4 quizzes, he drops the lowest quiz grade that\'s not the final quiz, the first three quizzes were pretty easy, the final quiz was way harder in my opinion than the other three quizzes, the material on the final quiz was harder but the final quiz in general was just harder than problems from previous quizzes