Made sense, labs and short assignments were very helpful.  Practice problems for tests made tests fair. 2 Midterms and a final... 5 questions, last four free response (code this) and first one had multiple parts with examples of code and you had to say what it printed. 2 midterms and 1 final alongside labs and short assignments. The first midterm and finals were straightforward. The second midterm was a bit challenging. 2 midterms and a final & labs. 3 tests, 4 labs, 9 short assignments. All seemed fair. Assignments, labs, and tests were fair. Everything was fair. Exams were not too hard. Exams were very tough but fair for the most part. Fair. Fair and balanced methods of evaluation. Fair. I heard rumors of cheating on the online examination though. Fair. I knew the course would be intense, and it wasn\'t easy by any stretch, but still was worthwhile. Good. Good as is. Good workload, range of evaluation methods which made grading fair. Grading was easy. Great - very fair. I felt the labs are somehow irrelevant to the course\'s materials and would made me feel like a bit loss. I like how we were tested in many different ways, whether it be exams, labs, short assignments, or even showing up to recitation. The workload was a lot towards the end, but overall it wasn\'t too bad if you spread it out. I also appreciated the late days. I like that the class is largely project based. It makes it more fun. I liked how the tests weren\'t all of your grades. I liked that the exams weren\'t all that we were tested on. I liked the labs and short assignments as they were fun and a cool way to apply the concepts we learned. I also really appreciated the practice problems before the exam, as they were very helpful in preparation. I think it was really fair. It was a good balance between tests, labs, short assignments, etc. It really helped me learn the material. I think that the short assignments and labs were very helpful in teaching me the material. I also thought that all of her provided practice problems and exams also helped me learn the material. I think the TAs graded differently. my TA was strict. I think the assignments were difficult, but fair and helped us learn a lot. But I don\'t really understand why our exams are on paper when all the coding we do now and in the future is able to be tested and improved. I think they were fair, tests were hard but your grade is offset by the labs and short assignments. Good. mostly lecture however it is good for the type of class. All lecture. All lecture, so maybe class sections can be smaller. Every class was a lecture, but I think that fit the course. For a 200 kid lecture, I felt Vasanta engaged all her students excellently. Full lecture. Good. Good balance. Good lectures. Good mix, lectures not totally necesary. Good structure. Good structure. Managed to make a class of 100+ students feel very well structured, discursive and interesting. Good! Recitation definitely helped reinforce the ideas taught in class. Great. Great mixture of lecture and discussion.. Harmony is found. I enjoyed it as it allowed students to ask questions as they work through an assignment. I liked the lecture structure of the class and how easy it was to ask questions. I think it was perfect. She really loves to engage with students, so we weren\'t scared to ask questions. I think that lecture works well for this class, especially with the option of asking questions throughout the lecture. I think that the lectures were very engaging. I think that the structure of the class was good. Although it was not intended to be a discussion class, there were many students asking questions every lecture, which made the class more engaging. I think the TA office hours are helpful but the sessions could be more organized because a lot of times I went and I couldnt get help because there are just too many people. So maybe if it is possible split up sections to particular TA hours to minimze the people and maximize the help people can get. I thought that there was a good mix between lecture and discussion. It is a lecture course with time for questions. It is mostly lecture but Vasanta always makes sure to take questions (and if you don\'t have any, she\'ll ask questions to herself for the sake of learning) It was a lecture class, but there was always plenty of time for questions. It was all lecture but I understand why it had to be. It was all lecture, but you can\'t really do anything when there\'s 100 kids. I think the Recitation sessions were super helpful though! Good intro to CS, exactly what I was looking for - I am now continuing with CS and potentially majoring in it. After taking this class, I hope to major in computer science. After this course, I decided that computer science was something I wanted to pursue as part of my undergraduate education. I already knew I liked cs to some degree in the past and had saved it as an alternate path. However, my original plan didn\'t quite work out, so I turned to this alternate path. The way this class was paced, as well as the variety of experiences it contained, really helped me come to this decision - I felt it was a fun class and I found I enjoyed programming! I thank you a lot for this opportunity. Although I\'m not particularly interested in STEM, this course has completely changed my perspective. I feel like it ultimately expanded my problem-solving skills and how I view the world, which is crazy for just a 10-week course. But Vasanta really does a good job of explaining why computer science has value beyond just the literal coding. It was amazing to have her as a professor and I\'m really glad that I stepped out of my comfort zone to take this class. As a high school student taking a course under the special community student program, this was my only academic experience at Dartmouth. It was a positive one, however, and I am grateful for the experience. As someone who wants to major in CS, I need to apply myself more outside of class. Before I attended this class, I wanted nothing to do with computer science. Now, I want to be a computer science major. I think that says a lot. Before this class, I was intimidated by computer science. Now, I\'d like to take other CS courses to see if I would like to major or minor in the subject. CS was challenging and not right for me, but I love the class. Considering major/modified major Hard work I am considering majoring in CS and will be taking CS10 in the fall I am considering this for a major I am continuing the computer science route to see how it goes I am more interested to continue computer science. I am planning on being a CS major now. I am really glad I got to learn how to code with Prof. Kommenini! I am considering taking CS10. I am strongly considering majoring in CS I am thankful to have gotten my lab requirement and say I did a CS course. That said, CS is not for me, but that\'s OK! That\'s what learning is all about. I am very much considering a minor in CS now. I became more interested in computer science, and is very interested in taking more courses of it and even majoring it in the future. I came in with no coding experience and left loving it. I do not regret my decision to take CS at all. It was an amazing class and Professor Kommineni is a fantastic prof. I enjoyed this course! Because of this course, I am now considering potentially pursuing Computer Science as a major or minor. I know now that I can not do CS I learned a lot about CS and will likely try to learn more on my own. I liked it! Am thinking of a CS major. I liked this course, and will likely take similar ones in the future. I love computer science and this class was all around great. I loved it! Although I definitely had to study and spend time with the material to understand it, it was very satisfying when I got it. I might take a break from CS next term because it was so time consuming, but I definitely want to take another CS course! Great prof. Take it with her if you can. She truly wants everyone to succeed. She gave so many office hours over the term it was insane. Do not fall behind in this class. Read the textbook before class and start your labs and short assignments before they\'re assigned; if you stay ahead of the class, it\'ll be fun. came in with no coding knowledge and it was a blast. do the practice problems before the midterm and really read the textbook. great class, vasanta is phenomenal, take her to pine too she\'s hilarious YOU CANNOT GO WRONG TAKING THIS CLASS WITH VASANTA. Vasanta is like a mom, super caring about her students. She explains things incredibly clearly. She makes sure students understand the content before moving on. She reinforces central concepts. She gives really helpful ways of thinking about problems, visualizing concepts, practicing topics, everything. She perfectly balances handholding students through the material and providing enough incentive and challenge for us to do well on exams. Her exams are very manageable and with nothing crazy on them. She gives so much opportunities to practice and gives so many useful resources and tips about approaching those problems. She genuinely cares about her students and is a very effective teacher. Her lectures are recorded and are online. But should you take COSC1? I\'d argue everyone should. It is not an easy course, and requires a good amount of time to do the assignments and practice for exams. But coding is such a useful skill to have. The assignments are super relevant and engaging and are actually fun to complete. There are so many ways to ask questions and have concepts reexplained: the professor, graduate TAs, and more than 10 undergraduate TAs that collectively hold office hours at least a few hours every day of the week. Use these office hours, as they are super helpful for completing confusing labs, and undergraduate TAs are basically classmates that are super approachable and understanding. I never had any coding experience beforehand and survived perfectly well in the class, and am considering taking more computer science courses. Take COSC1, and take it with Vasanta. Probably the best managed class I\'ve taken here. The online textbook is interactive and well written and the assignments are pretty fun if you make time to think about them. Vasanta is fun but it felt like she babied the class a bit too much. Vasanta is so sweet and so helpful. She\'s willing to slow the class down and push back assignments if a lot of the class is struggling or behind. Take the class with her if you can! If you decide to take CS1, take it with Vasanta! Vasanta is one of the best professors I have had at Dartmouth! She is very knowledgable about CS and encourages students to ask questions. She also realizes that the class is difficult and tries to be encouraging. She also tries to make the class fun through her energy/passion about CS, engagement with students, and jokes/commentary. Even though CS1 is a very challenging class, Vasanta makes it bearable and a pleasant experience. I recommend taking CS1 if you are willing to put in the time and work for the class. While the class moves very quickly and covers a lot of material, there are always a lot of TA\'s available to help (lots of office hours). Even if you do not do as well as you would have hoped on the exams, the short assignments and labs will balance your grade. The tests are hard even if you study for them and do all the practice problems; the tests expect you to have a very good foundational understanding of topics and apply this information to harder scenarios. Despite this, I still recommend taking this class with Vasanta! It is important to know a bit about CS (or try it out) with CS being such a hot field. Vasanta is a really great professor. She wants each and every person to do well in cs, and will take the time to walk through every concept with you. She\'ll even get annoyed if people aren\'t asking questions/aren\'t engaged with the class. She gave us tons of practice problems before the exams. She is probably one of my favorite profs. Unlike the other two reviews though, I think the only downside to her class is her tests. As someone with no coding experience, and who cs did not always come naturally, I felt the tests were always fair except for one question. She seemed to put one question on every exam that she knew only people with either previous coding experience or who were extremely good as cs would understand. This wouldn\'t be an issue if that question didn\'t count for 20/100 of the points, and it seemed impossible to get partial credit (maybe it was just my TA). Either way, do the python text readings and try to do the practice problems over time. Even if you average a C on the exams, it\'s possible to end with a B. Very nice and clear teacher. She explains concepts very well in lecture and it was easy for me to follow as someone with no coding background. However you should ask individual questions to TA\'s first, because she sometimes complicates answers in office hours. I disliked this course and would still highly recommend it. Lean on the support system (one-on-ones with Vasanta, TA\'s, grad TA\'s, tutors, smart friends, etc.) and just put your head down and go through it. I think Vasanta made it as good as it could have been, but I learned that CS isn\'t really for me. I feel like it was time well spent even though it was difficult. Also, I have many friends who took it and absolutely loved it. You could be in either boat so just take it. It\'s fairly easy to get a B+ (just need to average 70-75 on exams depending on your lab performance) and manageable to get an A-(80-85 on exams). A\'s seem few and far between but the expectations for the course were laid out very fairly and I\'m glad I took it. Vasanta is generous and kindhearted, always willing to speak with students one-on-one during office hours and to ensure that everyone has every opportunity to earn an A in the class (although the minimum in 19S for getting an A was a 95%, which is daunting and not all that accessible). While the exams usually have one question that is beyond the reach of most students, the labs and short assignments, while also challenging, usually allow students to balance their grade to somewhere in the B-to-A range, assuming exam performance isn\'t too poor. Go to office hours if you\'re stuck—go all the time, in fact—and take the class with an NRO set if you\'re concerned about the difficulty. Even if you don\'t plan on taking CS after CS 1, you should take the course solely to learn Python, as it\'s growing so much more relevant as a qualification for employment, even for jobs where it might not immediately seem useful. The class is fair grading wise because everyone gets high scores on the labs and short assignments and the tests are fair, but it\'s a lot of work. The labs and short assignments are very tough, especially near the end of the course. They also aren\'t really related to the test material which was super frustrating. Vasanta is one of the nicest professors I\'ve had but the lectures can get very boring and sometimes are relatively unclear. That said CS is very practical and a lot of people love the class/continue on in the field, so I would recommend taking it for the lab credit and for the exposure. Just expect some frustrations along the way and consider setting an NRO if you\'re worried about the grade. I took the class this quarter because it was Cormen\'s last time teaching and I really wanted to take CS1 with him - he\'s an algorithms legend, and you can tell how smart of a guy he is. The class itself was really interesting and I definitely learned a lot. However, Cormen\'s grading is unecessarily harsh - I ended with a B in the class (after a LOT of hard work), and if his grading hadn\'t been so severe, I probably would have ended with a B+ or even an A-. Concept-wise, the class is really hard. Cormen\'s online lectures helped, but by the end of the course I couldn\'t wrap my head around anything. Wish I had NROd it. Cormen is a great Prof. I\'m glad I got to take CS 1 the last time he taught it. Short assignments can sometimes be a lot, but if you genuinely like coding it shouldn\'t seem like work at all. Labs were pretty interesting too. I\'d suggest getting a tutor as soon as possible, because office hours sometimes gets pretty crammed. Ask for materials from past classes and use them to practice, especially coding on paper.  (\'21) - I took a small introductory course on java and HTML in junior year of highschool before taking this class and found that the skills I had learned helped for only the first two classes. The pace is extremely, but understandably, fast. Learning 95% of Python and being able to say you\'re proficient on your resume comes at the price of learning the material VERY quickly. However, I think that for the most part, the class was taught pretty efficiently and completely. Balkcom\'s lectures chronologically mirrored the online textbook (that he wrote) and that was helpful in terms of consistency and what to expect on exams. The textbook itself was on the whole pretty satisfactory; it\'s written colloquially and contains relevant, interactive exercises that helped improve my understanding of the material. We first learned the basics of code and then following units were built off of the previous ones, ensuring that you understood the material before you moved on. That said, it\'s imperative that you understand the material before attempting to move on and that you do so at a pace that mirrors the class. It\'s very easy to get lost and behind in assignments and understanding concepts. The short assignments and labs were sometimes annoying just because they take so long to do if you\'re determined to figure it out on your own, and they\'re assigned so frequently. What really helped me were the recitation sections. Sections are led by different leaders, so I can\'t say this for everyone, but my section leader was particularly thorough in his responsibilities. He created problem sets, mandated attendance, helped us out with assignments, answered questions and graded promptly, and was overall very understanding of our struggle to understand new material. On the whole, this class improved my Dartmouth academic experience. It encourages you to think critically and to break down problems into bite-sized pieces and work from the ground up - a super useful skillset to have in all disciplines. This course made me rethink my major/minor studies. Okay class for people to get a grip on basic coding concepts. Terrible and perhaps the worst Intro CS class at any Ivy school for people who actually want to major in CS. It uses a bootleg library made off Python Canvas/QWidgets to teach some concepts of variables through animation etc? It will give terrible habits to people who will actually continue to code. Grading is ridiculous, they require you to comment code that you write on paper, or name your variables with a word etc. Hoping they switch to C++ or start off with Python from a much lower and deeper level. I mean it takes them just 11 lectures to reach Classes and OOP.... Half of the people in class don\'t even know how a float is stored in memory. Or how do temporary variables used in functions get stored... Anything bitwise isn\'t even covered by the class. great prof, always available. Lectures great as well, however you\'ll need to do the readings if you want an A. One of the best professors I\'ve had at Dartmouth; she really cares about her students. Her tests are certainly fair. If you understand all concepts thoroughly, getting 100% is certainly possible. If you\'re taking COSC 1, take it with Vasanta! Came into CS1 with absolutely no prior experience. If you are interested in CS and find logical/problem-solving puzzles as satisfying as I do, you will be able to do well if you just put in a few hours of extra studying a week (usually just 1-2 for me). Sometimes I felt pretty behind compared to other students with lots of prior experience (especially after the first midterm), but I can definitely say that if you read the lectures Cormen posts on the website, go to section more often then not, and are reasonably intellectually competent, you can easily pull out a B+/A- in this class. Half of the class had prior coding experience. During first midterm half of the room completed it within an hour, while another half was there for 3 hours. I\'m afraid in order to get something close to B- you have to learn Python on your own PRIOR to enrolling into this course. I expected it to be intro course, but ended up dropping it after week 3. First 2 weeks were intro and very deceiving. Grading system is strange. Your lab assignments and homework can change your grade only to plus or minus while grade by itself is based on the 3 exams. To get A you need 98% on exams and above 90% on labs I believe. Prof Cormen is funny guy, but tough. Unless you want to major in CS or have Python knowledge AVOID. Definitely not a class for the faint of heart. You will get stuck debugging for hours. You will find your eyelids drooping as Cormen regales you with the amazing story of how RSA encryption was thought of by a drunk guy. And the tests will make you think that you\'re taking literature instead of CS (SO MUCH READING). But in the end, its probably worth it, if you\'re actually interested in CS. Definitely rougher if you\'ve had no CS experience at all as you go from printing out your name in week 1 to encrypting/decrypting files in week 9. Also a bit of a weeder course (at least 20% of the original class dropped out). In the end though, it is really what you make of it. Cormen gives many interesting/frustrating (depending on your viewpoint) extra credit opportunities on the labs that allow you to explore a little beyond class material. If you\'re just trying to get by though, you could probably learn all the material by just reading the online notes and textbook (project python) as his lectures are essentially 90% that, along with some random, completely irrelevant stories that he just likes to throw in. Do go early to lab section hours if you get stuck debugging as this will save you SO MUCH time and the line usually starts early. And finally, don\'t forget the three things a constructor does.... Also, laughing at all these salty dropouts who wrote shit reviews abt dis course XD Probably the worst class I have ever taken and it\'s all because of the prof: 1) He has a bullshit grading rubric, which basically makes all the homework count for basically nothing 2) His exams are unnecessarily wordy, which makes them unnecessarily difficult The material is really interesting, just take it with ANY other prof and you will have a great time. Huge workload and extremely hard. I think you really need to have a background in CS or some natural god given ability to thrive in this class Do not take this course with other hard classes. Cormen has tough grading rubric as well. Overall, super rewarding and interesting course, but do not expect an easy time. Hard AF! Prof Cormen is good but very demanding class especially if you have not taken any CS before. Do not take with 2 other tough classes - many withdrew. Probably the worst class I have ever taken and it\'s all because of the prof: 1) He has a bullshit grading rubric, which basically makes all the homework count for basically nothing 2) His exams are unnecessarily wordy, which makes them unnecessarily difficult The material is really interesting, just take it with ANY other prof and you will have a great time. I was one of those people that had to drop the class-- I had no background in CS before taking it and most of the people who take it have a general understanding of CS before coming. 