3 projects turned in at the end of the term through a presentation Final projects, no exams. Good methods. I loved how there were not any formal exams. Project based Projects are the only way to effectively grade this kind of course, so that worked well. Projects were made and had specific deadlines. These projects were assessed and appreciated by the class together. Projects – all difficult and require a lot of time but really make you better at DA/Maya. Speed models are scary, and I never really enjoyed the timed aspect. But the projects were great. The projects were designed to effectively showcase the skills we learned in Maya and helped build a solid foundation in the program. The workload was okay The workload was tough, but in the end it came down to how much work you decided to put into it. The harder you worked, the more you got out of it. They were Ok I guess I have no idea what grade I will be receiving because I never really got grades on the assignments during the middle of the class. It would be helpful if I would be able to know how I am doing in the middle of the term in terms of grades. I was kind of confused about what we were evaluated on and what we weren\'t. I understand that we were evaluated on projects but it was unclear exactly which aspects. It\'s a lot but it makes sense. Lots of workload, and sometimes frustratingly lost time on Maya\'s bugs, crashes, glitches. Projects were well organized and mostly manageable. Sometimes it was a bit of a time crunch, but it was a good test of our knowledge of the material. Some of the planned project deadlines were really hard to stick to but professor Loeb was very understanding and always listened to us about pacing. Tough workload but good connection and checkins with students a lot of workload. Lorie is understanding that not everyone can commit up to 20 hours a week for the assignments, so she really stresses the end-of-term submissions. It\'s important not to backload, though. n/a the assignments were fair we were creating art so the evaluation was based on whether we put in effort and completed the assignments to the best of our abilities which I liked evaluation method is fine, but no idea of where I stand in the class because grades weren\'t ever posted. I think the mix between lecture and supervised work was acceptable. The former added new techniques to our repertoire and the latter allowed us to perfect them. It seems to be right Lots of lecture in the computer lab and time to work on projects with instructor present No complaints Sometimes class could be very long and I\'d be bored. I think I learned the most by following tutorials and just doing the modeling. The ability to revise projects was probably the best part of the class. Once I understood how to use Maya better, I went back and revised my assignments. good A lot of lecture(?) but the lecture is more like tutorials Good combination of sharing and assessing Good mix of lecture and hands-on demo. I didn\'t really like learning how to do different things in class when we could learn better using tutorials I think some more lecture / lecturing only in Kemeny could be nice. Sitting at the machines and doing the work is the perfect structure. The mix between lecture, practice and reviewing was fair. The structure was good. We had a good balance of work time and lecture time. We could have used more of the lectures we had early on that talked about strategy and other aspects of modeling/animation. In general, though, I thought the classes were well set up. n/a there was a good mix of lecture and doing assignments/practice Good balance. Good structure. I was not a huge fan on the three hour class on Mondays, but there was nothing that could have been done since it was a 3A schedule. It was effective. Lectures did get a bit slow sometimes, but that\'s how it goes. Mix between lecture, presentation or lab work time. Mostly lecture, sometimes the Monday class + X hour can be tiring/a little boring. No lectures or discussions, in-class computer working Projects The class was very hands-on, which was necessary for us to pick up skills. The structure of the class was a good mix between lecture which was basically tutorials and doing fun work like quick models and independent work at the end. The structure of the class was well balanced between lecture and discussion. I am reconsidering the Digital Arts minor I think I know better about the 3D modeling and animation industry better than I did before. This is definitely valuable to me because I am considering to be a digital art minor! I very much enjoyed the course I\'m interested in doing modelling work now. It seems very interesting, and I look forward to pursuing it in the future, even if only as a hobby. I\'ve really loved the work in this course. It has easily been one of my favorite classes here at Dartmouth. Because of it, I might want to modify my computer science major with digital arts. It was an interesting introduction to digital arts. It was worth a try I am a digitl arts minor. This course made me sure that I want to continue pursuing it. I am even more excited about digital arts than I was before, and I was already very very interested. I think I learned tons of things this term and I am really motivated to delve deeper into the field of Digital Arts. It was a positive experience but also one that confirmed just how hard Dartmouth could be. It\'s such a niche course but SO interesting, definitely wish the CS department had more courses in this field Loved it Well I really want to do this now. Like for a career. Will continue with digital arts track. i really enjoyed learning how to model and think I\'ll be doing a lot more just for fun made me want to do a computer science modified digital arts major n/a Great course, very rewarding. excited for the rest of the DA minor. I did not know how 3d models were made before the class. Taking this course helped me learn about the process behind it all. I had the best term I have had at Dartmouth so far, and I credit that to this class. This gave direction to my interest in the arts, and I\'ve decided that I want to pursue the digital arts minor because of this class. I\'m so glad I was able to take this class and I\'d recommend it to all Dartmouth students. I learned a lot about maya I really loved this course. I am pursuing digital art as a minor or a major because of this course. I still want to do digital arts and am in love with it I\'m looking forward to getting further in my major! It encouraged me to pursue the Digital Arts Minor It made me realize that I might pursue the digital arts minor or cs modified with digital arts major The course was incredibly influential and was undoubtedly my favorite course thus far at Dartmouth and affirmed my desire to modify my major with digital arts. I lost a lot of sleep from this class which is technically bad, but I am so satisfied with how much I\'ve grown from this course and how invigorating it felt to exercise my creativity and see it manifest onto a digital platform. Digital modeling is a skill that I am proud to have earned and hope to continue to foster. This class inspired me to pursue a Digital Arts minor. I felt the most proud of my work in this class than I have for any other class I\'ve taken at Dartmouth. TAKE THIS COURSE WITH LORIE. She is absolutely amazing and makes the class super fun. Don\'t take it if you want a layup cause it is a lot of time but it is worth it if you want digital arts. The class is so fun and interactive. This class was just a lot of fun. I was really happy with the product that I received from it. You will have to put in some work, but the TAs are very helpful and you will be able to get everything done. Loeb is also very understanding and she was still tweaking the curriculum around to make the workload more manageable. Take this course. This was only the second (i think) time that it was taught, so some of the kinks still need to be worked out. I heard this term was a huge improvement over the last one, so the third time will probably be a charm. Be ready to work, and also be ready to be frustrated from time to time. That said, you\'ll be very proud of what you accomplish at the end of the term. Take it! Apparently everyone gets an A in the class. It is a fun but time consuming class, similar to any Studio Art class. Be prepared to work and have fun. This is simply a great course, but compared to many other courses at Dartmouth, you NEED to be enthusiastic about the subject and have a REAL commitment. If you are thinking about taking it out of interest, to fulfill a distributive or whatever, go for it, but think twice: a lot of people in the class will be digital arts minors , CS majors or something related, and these people are really fond of what they are doing and like to put a lot of time into it: for them it is fun, not work, something they like to do as opposed what they have to do. Having said that, the course is suitable for complete beginners, you need no previous experience and you will not feel intimidated or anything like that. Lorie is an AMAZING prof, she makes everybody in the class feel relaxed and takes it easy. No exams, no midterm or final, not quizzes, not too much theory: everything is based on weekly labs that will take you A LOT of time. I don\'t recommend taking this class if you have another class with a lab or if your other classes are very demanding. You will need a lot of time to dedicate to this. At the end, though, you will have a REAL sense of achievement looking at what you produced and how much you learned. And even if you had to pull an allnighter or two in the lab, the sense of achievement will make up for it. So, overall, take it, but be aware of the time you need to put in. Lorie is an amazing professor. She is motivational, very in touch with her students and overall one of the best professors I\'ve had at Dartmouth. The class is a TON of work, but the end product is totally worth it. Great class, wonderful teacher and TAs. Fabulous incentive to work hard. learning Maya is fun. You spend a LOT, i mean a lot, of time on this class though. As always Lorie is just a spectacular professor. She is is extremely understanding and incerdibly encouraging. This was the first time the class was taught so I believe that the extreme amount of work is going to go down in the future. You spend loads of time outside of class on the homeworks, so I do not suggest this class unless you are both very interested in computer modeling and also more than willing to make this sort of commitment. You will get to love the hot Sudikoff Mac lab. If you are unsure if you are interested, let me tell you right now that you should be interested. You will be so proud of what you eventually make, especially your final project. This class also sets you up perfectly for the animation class (Cs 32) in the winter, which is by far one of the best classes I have ever taken at Dartmouth.