3 midterm quizzes, one final exam, two simple group projects, one final 4-page paper. 3 midterms and 1 final. 8 problem sets (short and not graded). 2 group projects - 1 was in class. Both were very straightforward. A 3-4 page paper on a topic of your choice. 3 quizzes, 2 projects, a paper and a final. I\'m not sure how the projects and paper were graded though. 3 quizzes. 1 final. 7 Problems sets and the  were not graded. 3 test-like quizzes which covered 2-3 problem sets worth of material. 2 group projects which did not require a lot of time. 1 term paper which required a decent amount of research. 1 final covering all the of the material. 3 tests - one final. Problem sets for practice- no grade. Light workload - hard concepts. Assignments were all tough but fair, and accurately assed knowledge of the material. Three period-long quizzes, ungraded problem sets, two small projects and a final. I enjoyed all of the assessments. I think that the tests and quizzes were difficult but were overall fair evaluations. It was very clear, and we all knew what was expected. Problem sets were very helpful, and reviews even more so. Quizzes were a fair assessment. Paper was enjoyable to write. See above. Tests were at a good level of difficulty, I wasn\'t sure how I felt about the paper because it seemed a bit out of place. Tests were fair, ran out of time sometimes. Paper was a little too broad. The assessments were balanced and very good. The combination of projects, quiz, and term paper helped me learn the concepts from a variety of different perspectives. There was a great combination of assignments and it augmented my understanding of the material. There were 3 in class quizzes that helped to reinforce material and there was a term paper and a group empirical project in addition to a final. The quizzes had to be done at a quick pace but were manageable. Great. maybe make problem sets mandatory/ set up groups to work on them together. very reasonable. 3 Quizzes, a short paper, a couple projects. 3 midterms, 2 group projects (1 out of class, 1 in class), 1 paper, 1 final, 7 problem sets (but the problem sets are ungraded). 3 quizzes, 1 paper, 2 short group work, 7 optional problem sets. Very reasonable since the psets were not graded, but allowed students to practice. I liked that there were 3 quizzes and the group projects I thought the paper thrust on to us at the end of the term was entirely unnecessary. All other course work was effective and appropriate for the course. Quizzes and finals seemed fair. The tests in this course were very manageable and fair -- I don\'t see how the class could have been evaluated differently. I would have liked more time earlier in the term to work on the project, though. There are 7 problem sets that aren\'t graded (though you should do them because they\'re helpful). The graded portion is 3 quizzes (40%), two projects one of which is in class (15% total), a 3-4 page paper (15%) and a final (30%). The workload is very reasonable. There were three quizzes, a final, a small project, and a small paper. We had 3 quizzes throughout the term and then one final exam. We also had a final paper due at the end of term and two group projects that were pretty straightforward and not very time consuming during the term. i liked the paper and the tests were all straight forward. one very simple paper and fair tests/quizzes. 100% of lecture, unless it was an in class review/project, which worked for this course. All lecture. All lecture but professor youle was very open to any questions and would answer them thoroughly. Class was a straight-forward lecture class. Could use more discussion and less problem solving. Good amount of discussion considering that it is an economics course. Great combination of lecture while maintaining discussion. I think the lecture-heavy structure was ideal for the content we were learning. I doubt discussion sections would be particularly additive. I thought it was great. It was a lecture based class with some discussion. It was mostly lecture, with the prof asking a question to the class every now and then. Lecture-based with a review session before each midterm/final. Mainly lecture. Maybe more discussion, at the beginning you said we would talk about some stuff we never talked about. Mostly lecture. Tended to be a little heavy on lecture, but otherwise good. This is mainly a lecture based class with some group activities mixed in, but I think that is necessary for this material. Wish there was less lectuing and more discussion. Great. mostly lecture but open for student engagement. Almost all lecture, as expected. Almost all lecture, which makes sense for the class, but Prof Youle did ask frequently questions to engage the class. Great mix between lecture and discussion, really liked it. It was lecture based with students frequently answering questions posed to the class; I believe this is the perfect way to structure such a course. Lecture only. Mostly lecture but opportunities for discussion and to ask questions throughout. Structure of the class was balanced. The class was all lecture with no discussion, but Professor encouraged participation. The class was mostly lecture but there were discussions whenever the professor asked questions. mostly lecture and one in class group project. the lectures were great. After taking this course, I found that I like the 5\'s Economic track, and will probably do that track as part of my major. Confirmed my decision to take the Industrial Organization track. Continuing on the 5s track. Youle is super intelligent no doubt. Furthered my major interest. Gave me exposure to Industrial Organization - which I was interested in but was not covered by any other Econ classes I had taken. I enjoyed it overall, it was quite challenging and engaging. I loved this course--it\'s the only part of economics that I find myself truly interested in. I may now pursue the industrial organization series for my econ major. I really enjoyed the course and plan on continuing my Econ major. I really enjoyed this class and will be continuing with this track for the Economics major. It definitely encouraged me to take more courses in this vein. It has given me a better appreciation for economics. It helped me decide what tracks I will be pursuing for my economics major. It made me love industrial organization. Major requirement. Really enjoyed it! This course confirmed my interest in economics as my major and added a new aspect to my knowledge of the subject. This course has led me to want to potentially pursue a career which makes use of analytics in strategic decision making. yes, will proceed with the 5s I am continuing the 5 track for econ. I am now considering taking 45 as my econ cumulative experience! I had a great time and will continue on the 5 track. I really enjoyed this course and it was really refreshing to have a Professor that was so engaging and wanted his students to succeed. Interested in the 5\'s. It confirmed major choice. Learned a lot of relevant material related to industrial organization that will help me as I work towards my Econ major. Made me 100% sure I want to do my Econ major capstone in IO. One of the best classes I\'ve taken here. Interesting, reasonable workload, great Prof. Positively! I want to do 35 and 45 now. helped to reinforce my major choice. more likely to take 5s track for econ. One of the best Econ classes offered. Professor Youle is an incredible professor. He\'s a great lecturer and, unlike many Econ profs, is really energetic about the material. The class is really interesting and not too hard. Definitely take it if you can! Course: The material was intersting at times. There was a lot of overlap if you have taken ECON 21 with Professor Doyle, especially the game theory unit. I\'ve never said this before, but I thought the course moved too slowly. Looking back at my notes before the exam, it seemed like we hadn\'t covered that much material. Professor: Professor Snyder is an interesting lecturer. He stated on the first day of class that his goal was to be the best professor we have at Dartmouth. He wasn\'t (though I\'d put him in my top 5) but it was nice to hear that he\'s putting in the effort. He lectured through the entire 2A period which was tough for me, but we played some games to keep it interesting and even gave out some cash to some lucky students. He has a ton of office hours. Workload: Weekly (sort of) problem sets which were not handed in. You go over the problem sets during the class before the quizzes, and I found both the problems sets and the review periods very helpful. The exams got harder as the term progressed, but none were too tough. He also assigns some really long articles which may show up on the final. This is the type of class I expect for my $50,000 tuition. Professor Scott is an expert in the field and, instead of following a textbook, he assigns original economic journal articles, legal journal articles, legal cases, and antitrust agency literature. It\'s hard work, but if you\'re up for the challenge, you\'ll learn the material more thoroughly than you would through a general survey course. The economic journal articles illustrate how economists arrive at these models we read about in textbooks. You\'ll see some theoretical development, empirical testing, and dissenting opinions. This allows you to think critically about how economics fits into the real world, instead of simply accepting whatever assumptions your textbook hands you and then mechanically working your way through a problem. And the legal readings demonstrate how the theory coexists with the law. You\'ll see how the theory has influenced the development of the law in a sensible way, but you\'ll also see how the courts sometimes check and dismiss theoretical output as too abstract, simple, or inadequately supported. It\'s satisfying to see economics influencing policy but also reassuring to see that the heroic assumptions and conclusions economists sometimes make are held to a rigorous standard. I can\'t picture every student enjoying the class, but I recommend it to anyone with a strong work ethic and desire to learn; if every class I took at Dartmouth was like this one, I\'d take pride in having an ivy league education. I think the thing that bothered me the most about this class was that there was no textbook. Instead, Prof Scott relied on journal articles.... and a LOT of them. Exams had reading check questions (ie. True/False or Multiple choice) which were a hit or a miss. The material itself is not particularly difficult, and Prof Scott is SUCH a nice person, but I found this class to be challenging and the exams to be tricky. He is also a pretty tough grader. On the first exam, no one got an A (despite having a large curve)! Professor Scott does a wonderful job of explaining things. That said, there\'s a heck of a lot to explain. There is no textbook for this class, only many, many journal readings. The subject is interesting, but often confusing. Furthermore, tests are very difficult and graded harshly. Professor Scott knows his stuff, and it takes a little getting used to his pace. Once you\'re adjusted the class covers a ton of material, ranging from anti-trust case studies to game heoretical models, and a lot of it was very interesting. The problem sets aren\'t graded (you don\'t even turn them in) so you can get by without doing them, but understanding them makes the tests much easier. Professor Scott is passionate about IO and is very approachable during office hours. One of the best courses I\'ve taken, well organized and very interesting. If you have any interest in economic policy related to case study of mergers, innovation rates, etc. This is a great course. The Professor is one of the absolute experts on the topics he teaches - a great course if you have any tangential interest at all. As the title says, this class was not great. 8 ungraded problem sets, 2 midterms and a final. Scott is a picky grader, and the problem sets are only OK at prepairing you for the midterms/final. If I hadn\'t have stayed up with the readings/problem sets then I would have been pretty boned for this class. Unlike other econ courses, scott does not give previous/practice midterms. Scott doesn\'t use blackboard either and just blitzes all the powerpoint slides and problem sets to the class list, which is fairly annoying. Scott goes pretty quickly through some of his lectures, but will stop and explain if you have questions, and wont speed up later because he doesn\'t mind if he doesn\'t finish all of the material that he set out for the course. Overall I dont\' recommend this class unless you\'re really interested in IO. If you are at all interested in industrial organization, this is a great class. I found the material to be really interesting - examining market structure, outcomes from those structures, and also Supreme Court holdings in industrial organization. My one big complaint is that Professor Scott doesn\'t use a textbook - instead he assigns readings, often from scholarly economics journals, and they weren\'t always the most accessible, especially for at the intro level. Be sure to read the articles, because Prof. Scott puts a few multiple choice questions about them on the midterms and finals as a type of reading check. Be sure to understand all the graphs and explanations on the Powerpoint slides (which he sends out) as he tests heavily from them. The tests are fair, but you do have to study a lot for them. If you\'re willing to put in some work, you can do really well. I don\'t want to say that this course is hard, per se; it isn\'t especially difficult relative to courses like macro or micro, but the exams certainly test one\'s understanding of the material. The material itself isn\'t terribly difficult either, but there is a lot of it to go along with each exam, and Prof. Scott sets high standards as to what he expects students to know for exams. The readings are often long, boring, and painful, and Prof. Scott has the maddening tendency to ask ridiculously detailed very short answer multiple choice questions on every exam that make it painfully clear whether or not you actually *did* the readings. Shoot, even having done most of them, I still only got 5/8 of them right on the 2 midterms. Prof. Scott is a really great guy, and a generally decent professor, who knows his material like the back of his hand. He can, however, be *exceedingly* (and sometimes painfully) verbose, going into *excrutiating* detail where it isn\'t at all necessary. The best example I can cite was one of his papers he had us read; he went on for 40-some pages when the first sentence of his abstract summarized the entire opus perfectly. Overall, I enjoyed the course, but would certainly caution people who are just looking for a simple class; it\'s interesting, and can be relatively easy *if you make it that way,* but I would say this class is best-suited to those who actually enjoy the subject matter.  If you are at all interested in industrial organization, this is a great class. I found the material to be really interesting - examining market structure, outcomes from those structures, and also Supreme Court holdings in industrial organization. My one big complaint is that Professor Scott doesn\'t use a textbook - instead he assigns readings, often from scholarly economics journals, and they weren\'t always the most accessible, especially for at the intro level. Be sure to read the articles, because Prof. Scott puts a few multiple choice questions about them on the midterms and finals as a type of reading check. Be sure to understand all the graphs and explanations on the Powerpoint slides (which he sends out) as he tests heavily from them. The tests are fair, but you do have to study a lot for them. If you\'re willing to put in some work, you can do really well. Scott is a genius and is one of the most knowledgable profs i\'ve had, but as a result he blows through the material very quickly if no one asks questions and slows him down. also, there are lots of articles you need to read outside of class in order to answer questions that are worth 20% of the exam, and these article are very long and boring at times. however, it is a very interesting class and you learn a ton about the subject, but just be ready to work. stuck needles in my eye than sit through another lecture. Actually, the lectures were not THAT bad - the course as a whole was. First off, there is no text book. It\'s all lectures and articles from scholarly journals. Thus if you can\'t understand was Scott is saying through his North Carolina accent, you have to rely on some field hotshot who writes to you as if you are already an expert. The tests were rather difficult (and he only gave a minor curve). Say, for instance, we had to read 15 articles for a test (each article probabyl about 15-20 pages), he would then ask multiple choice questions on the dumbest $#it from them. Don\'t take this class unless the devil himself makes you take it. This class is hard - no doubt about that. Since there is no textbook, most of the readings are either primary sources or journal articles. And there are a lot of readings at that. The powerpoints are very helpful, but aren\'t much of a substitute for going to class. The only grades are 2 midterms and a final. They are very difficult. The material is oretty interesting overall though. Professor Scott is an expert in the field, and at times perhaps almost too smart for his own good. He\'s a very nice, very approachable guy, but isn\'t always the best at communicating some of the particularly thick material. The class material is interesting. However, it is presented in a disorganized and almost incomprehensible form. prof scott knows his stuff but repeats material and struggles to explain and organize things clearly However, the tests were fair.after it was all said and done, i learned a lot and really liked the material. Econ 25 is one of the most interesting econ classes offered in the department. Scott, however, has very high grading standards on his tests. Even if you know the answer perfectly, he is extremely picky when he grades and you can never quite know what it is that he is looking for. This class has one of the lowest medians (with 20) in the econ department. It is not because the material is difficult (there is a lot of if but it is straight-forward), but rather because of how picky Scott is on the tests. That said, the class is very interesting and worth taking if you already have a job offer or don\'t mind a slightly lower grade than you might be used to. Econ 25 is definitely pretty dry. I\'m sure it is actually an interesting subject (some of the readings are faily interesting and aren\'t too dense). Prof Scott is a nice guy. However, Prof Scott is a lousy lecturer. He just talks. And talks. And talks. It is a non stop barrage. It is really hard to understand the material in class unless you can asbord everything he says. His powerpoint slides aren\'t very helpful either. The problem sets are pretty difficult (though you do not have to turn them in), his answers keys are hard to understand and the problems do not relate to the material on the exams. I always felt that I had no idea what was going to show up on the exams. Professor Scott is brilliant, and seems to be one of the more reknowned men in his field. This unfortunately means his lectures are done really quickly as he doesn\'t go through all the material in slow detail - since it comes naturally to him. He\'s incredibly nice, and anytime you visit him for office hours, he explains everything in a very detailed manner - though again, he does sometimes make things more complicated than it seems like it needs to be. The problem on the tests is how not studying a minor point can really bite you -if that point is one of the questions, it really takes a chunk out of your total grade for not knowing that. I wish just that the test questions were not so all-or-nothing. Prof. Scott knows his stuff and presents the material well, sometimes from too many angles. There really are only a few major topics in the syllabus, but the class seems to have a weak overall structure, so it is sometimes tough to link together related or contradictory concepts. The textbook doesn\'t give you much information that you can\'t learn by going to class, but Scott jumps around in the book in assigning readings to such an extent that it can get pretty confusing to tie ideas in the textbook to what\'s going on in class. Scott doesn\'t give you a lot to go on when figuring out what to study for exams, and the supreme court case law is a big part of this class, which makes it very different than studying for other econ classes. Overall I would recommend this class, but don\'t underestimate it - it\'s one of the harder econ classes in my experience especially for a 20s level course. I thought Professor Scott was fantastic. His exams can be tough and the way he grades them is tought, too, but I thought all and all it was fair. He inspired me to go into this path of econ. I switched from a different path and fell in love with IO. I already took the course but will probably sit in on classes in the following terms because I find it fascinating. Professor Scott\'s lectures are sometimes side-tracked, but I think he just really loves the subject. I heart I.O. This is the best class that I\'ve taken at Dartmouth so far. The material involves an interesting blending of game theory, common sense, business sense and law. The Professor is very fast paced, so if you don\'t keep up with the readings, you\'re screwed. Do the readings beforehand. Make sure you understand everything as he is explaining it. He can be a bit overwhelming, but if you do the readings and you still don\'t understand it, do not hesitate to ask him. This course covered an intense amount of material and the tests are a fair assessment of that material. Note, however, that since there is so much material, it can be a bit challenging to keep up. The tests aren\'t very challenging if you have kept up. Professor Scott explains things in a very crisp and concise manner. If you\'ve done the reading, this is a good thing. If you haven\'t, you are going to be in trouble. Well, unless you\'re really smart yourself. I personally did not get much out of this class...it can actually be described as a grave disappointment in my young career at Dartmouth. Take it if you like Professor Scott, but I hold my own biased opinion of him. Professor Scott is very knowledgable and does a good job teaching the material, though he does move very fast. The grade is based entirely on a midterm and a final, and these tests are difficult. Attending class is a necessity. Not a challenging course, if you are organized and can deal comfortably with complicated algebra. (effectively no calculus). It is important to get a good feel for his exam style before the first exam--his exams are tough, and if that surprises you it will be difficult to recover.