Examinations were for the most part fair.  Policy memos were a bit tough to write. Excellent. I really enjoyed the policy memos, as they clearly enforced the topics we were learning in class. I thought it was a great mix of papers and tests. It was very nice not having a final. Potentially the midterm could be earlier in the term, because the end felt rushed with a midterm and a policy memo during week 9 and 10. N/A Tests and Briefs were fair. Tests, Problem Sets, Policy Memos. The workload was quite fair. There was plenty of work to do (readings, problem sets, and policy briefs), but it was never excessive and all an amount that could certainly be completed. There were two midterms, like in most other classes, and an optional final, which I thought was a unique, but pretty cool method to use. My only complaint about this was that he made it very clear that not everyone should take the final and we should be careful when deciding if we should take the final, but also it was very hard to figure out if you were one of the people who would benefit from taking the final. evaluation methods reasonable, workload reasonable. Fine. good, but there were I think too many different kinds of assessments, I enjoyed the policy memo\'s but found them difficult to make time for given the reading, the problem sets and the exams. like I said before, some of the exam questions didn\'t really have anything to do with what was actually learned in class. Policy briefs were definitely a good way of trying to bundle big world problems into very focused, 1 page papers. policy memos might need a more informative rubric. +Final project was nice and very manageable. If anything, we had almost *too* much time — it\'s just a 5-page paper... 2 midterms, 1 project. Workload isn\'t terrible. Exams were good and workload was fair. I thought the tests were long, but fair, and I really enjoyed the final group project, since it really allowed us to be creative. I thought the tests were very fair and interesting. I wish there had been papers, and the reading was a lot. The textbook readings were extremely dense and sometimes two or three were assigned for one class. They were very difficult to keep up with. I would examine the reading list. Some of the readings provided very little in terms of concepts and got too focused on details. I would either exchange these for more big-picture readings or just reduce the number of readings. Mostly lectures, two tests, and group project. HEAVY reading (some of the readings were required but were not covered in exams or lectures). Professor is a tough grade on tests - read the questions carefully and answer exactly what he asks. Go to your professor for help on your paper! He has tons of great ideas. Tests were difficult but fair. Tests were very fair. Problem sets straightforward. The final assignment is very engaging and really independent. The feedback for the exam questions was unclear, but as said before, it is probably because of the nature of the class. There are two in-class midterm exams. There is a final group project. Then participation and homework counts for the rest of your grade. it seemed fair, the mix of problem sets and exams were manageable. 2 exams, an optional final (that could help or hurt you), 3 one-page policy briefs and several problem sets. Effective and challenging. Everything was very reasonable and the workload was more than doable. Everything was very paced. Good balance, it would have maybe been nice to have one more midterm to take the weight off of the other two. The policy memos were a nice addition. Good tests. Excellent. I really liked his lecutres, sometimes the group discussions felt long. Lecture with room for questions. Lectures were very engaging and interesting. Mostly lecture which was fine. Professor Novosad did a great job with this. there were discussion groups every 3rd class or so, and this is when I was really able to express my feelings and findings from class readings. The class was mostly lecture-based, but Professor Novosad did a good job of including discussions, student presentations, and open-ended classroom questions. The lectures were solid, and although they were infrequent the discussions were great when we had them. This class was mostly lecture, which makes sense for an economics class, but did have a great amount of discussion mixed in. We would sometimes break up into groups for small discussions and then bring it back into a large class discussion, which I really enjoyed. I felt like this gave us a good way to hear about each other\'s opinions and thoughts on many of the important topics which we discussed in this class. almost all lecture. Good. good mix of lecture and discussion. great mixture, I wish there were more ways to participate durring class. it was the perfect mix: 80% lecture and 20% discussion. mostly a lecture class but prof encouraged participation and there was quite a lot of in-class discussion in my section. Good mix of lectures and discussion. Good mix. Good. I think it\'s best to have primarily lecture. Great mixture between lecture and discussion. I think the balance really cannot be changed; development economics is a topic where the professor knows so much more than the students that discussion really wouldn\'t be too productive. I think the balance, or lacktherof, was totally fine and almost necessary. I think this was perfect - we had mostly lecture, but the professor would engage students with their thoughts and perspectives and occasionally broke into smaller group activities. I wish there was more discussion in the class. It\'s all lecture-based, but he adds question now and then. Lecture based with a heavy emphasis on engaging with the reading in a discussion like manner. Mixture of both. Mostly lecture, little discussion. The class is mainly lecture-based, but Professor Novosad creates an environment open to questions and discussion. There was a lot of lecture and maybe not enough discussion but it might be the nature of the class. A lot of lecture and a bit of discussion, which was surprising considering there were only 10 people in the class. Good balance. Good structure, could maybe be a little more organized discussion. Mostly lecture, but that\'s to be expected from an economics class. I didn\'t think the structure of the class was bizarre or bad. If you want to talk, there are opportunities for you to talk. Very good flexible mix that optimized learning experience. I really enjoyed this class. I had little to no prior experience in development economics, but I found this course fascinating, and I am so glad that I took it. I will certainly take into account the importance of this class when finishing my economics major and finding a career after Dartmouth. I\'ve always been interested in global development and this course has definitely helped cement my resolve to continue pursuing this interest. It really broadened my worldview. It was a great way to continue my Econ major. It was one of my first track-level economics course for my major, and I really enjoyed it! Loved this class! Made me change the track for my economics major because I enjoyed it so much. Made me see that I like developmental economics. N/A. This is one of my top-three favorite classes at Dartmouth. I not only know I want to continue on this track of study, but am already diving into career possibilities in the development space. best econ class at Dartmouth so far. enhanced it. very positively. was instrumental in working toward my interest in development economics. Generally positive. I am now seriously considering a career in development and am really thinking about how I can combine my biology studies with economic development. I enjoyed the course a lot — it forced me to reconsider a number of the assumptions I\'d made about economics and the developing world. I learned a great deal. I plan on continuing to study Developmental Economics, and have encouraged friends to do the same. I think this class is important for my being an informed citizen. It helped me gain a new perspective. It was great! I have taken many international development courses and this one was great for teaching me the theory and models behind development projects. Really made me feel good about studying economics! This course made me realize that I want to focus more on development within my Econ major. This course was one of the most interesting that I have taken at Dartmouth so far. This is my favorite economics course I have taken thus far and really opened my eyes to a lot of stuff that dartmouth students are typically not aware of. This really impacted the way I think about developing countries and I think the final project really put into perspective the experiments needed to implement. Very influential. Makes you think differently about development and how to work towards solutions. Good survey course for development: has both breadth and depth. Very positively! I\'m glad I chose the development track as part of my economics major. Immensely! I plan on taking Econ 44 and studying development in other social science departments. It made me sure I want to do the development track including taking 44. It was a good course and made me think critically about many development issues! Strengthened it. The material covered was really interesting though the lectures could be a little bit dry at times. There isn\'t really a unifying theme to the class, it\'s more of a survey of different aspects of development and what we can learn from recent studies. The midterms are extremely hard, though, and the policy briefs can be extremely tedious to write. Take it only if you\'re interested in the topic, otherwise it isn\'t worth it. Very nice professor, this was his first term at dartmouth. Very interesting content but could be very dry at times. Difficult to stay awake in the 10a at some points. Tough grader, and would take a couple weeks before grades would be sent back. Only one grade back by week 7. He is incredible--albeit disjointed at times. Would highly recommend taking the class with him. In the end, he even made it easier to earn an A by giving us an extra assignment.  I\'m surprised the reviewer below called Novosad incredible. There\'s no denying some people loved this class. I was not one of those people. Most of the people I talked to were also did not like this class. I found Novosad to be extremely disorganized. Often, Novosad would look at his lecture slides and go hmm... why is this here? Additionally, at a midterm review session, he confused the class with an example... I understand that people make mistakes, but the recurrence of not knowing what you\'re teaching showed me that he was disorganized and did not review his lecture slides. Lastly, the reviewer below mentioned that Novosad gave us an optional extra assignment. I think it\'s important to mention that Novosad heavily discouraged students from doing the extra assignment - telling us that it would only benefit ~8 students out of 60 because you had to be near the bad part of the curve. I agree it\'s not hard to do well. My friends and I did well: I was simply baffled by the fact that Novosad heavily discouraged students from doing the extra assignment. (It seemed because he didn\'t want to do the extra grading, which is also why he makes problem sets and policy memos group work. ) Nonethless, how could you not find development economics interested as a ivy-league college student? I think econ 24 is a cool class to take. I\'d personally avoid Novosad, but I hear Edmonds is equally bad... Prof’s Secret Syllabus: 1.) Its totally fine to use Facebook Messanger during student presentations right? 2.) I won’t tell the class that the recommended readings are actually required until the day before the midterm 3.) When I give examples for policy briefs, I won’t make it clear that two of them were bad examples until they have submitted their work 4.)*mumble mummmble mumbble 5.) I will present all of econometrics in a presentation on day 2, hopefully this will scare off half the students, (I wonder why so many students dropped?) 6.) Last minute of class? I guess it’s time to finish the 50 slides I still haven’t covered 7.) I forgot #5 on this list and wonder why no one is presenting today and then realize they haven’t been seen since day 2 8.) I won’t give practice exams or tell you what type of questions will be asked 9.) I will give feedback on policy briefs only after students have submitted the next policy brief (I mean sure, it would have improved their second brief but we need a B+ median) 10.) Will go over advanced [PHD] concepts before telling the class its not necessary to know them 11.) I forget why I put certain slides in the presentation, might have to take a few minutes during class to think about this Despite these points, he is a nice and well meaning guy. Plenty of office hours and not too hard to do well in the class. Would recommend taking this class with this prof. Goes quickly and can be difficult to understand, but the notes are thorough and Edwards is eager for feedback to improve. Readings are not that necessary. If you review the notes and go to office hours the class is manageable. First, a caveat. I\'m planning on pursuing a career in international development after graduation. That means this class was about the single thing in the world that I\'m most interested in, and so I\'d love it no matter what. Most of my friends, in fact, didn\'t like this class at all. But I freaking adored it. I thought Sukhtankar was a great prof, and I loved this class like I\'ve never loved a class before . Course: material was super interesting, he covers a whole range of issues in development and models not very obviously model-able stuff. Professor: edmonds doesn\'t know all that much but wants to be bowed to. in short - he\'s an asshole. you\'ll be better off studying on your own/get help from TA Workload: pretty easy. the psets are a joke in some weeks. exams aren\'t hard. if you\'re not an econ person, don\'t get intimidated by edmonds (which is what i did wrong). Course: Really interesting survey course of development economics! Professor: Great prof! Really helpful in office hours. Made all of the difference. Workload: Totally manageable/fair. If you do the work-- the problem sets, the policy briefs, and study for the exams, you should be set. This is a relatively straightforward class. I heard that Prof. Kruger improved a lot over her last term as well. Even if I could have understood a word that came out of Professor Prakash\'s mouth, I still would have had to teach myself the entire course. Prakash could not answer questions in class and has even admitted to not being especially good at stats. His lecture notes had at least three errors per set and every time I studied I found multiple errors in his answer keys. When I went to office hours, I felt like I was explaining things to him most of the time. If you\'re not a math person or not prepared to double the time you spent in class in the library, hold off to take econ 10 with another professor.  i was really excited to take development economics but it turned out to be not that great. we didn\'t really learn any economic models, but instead just read a bunch of papers and looked at statistics. although this made the tests a lot easier than a typical econ class (since they were entirely memorization), it made the class get pretty repetitive and boring. overall, pretty easy but not at all the insipiring/interesting class i had hoped for. work was 3 problem sets (which were actually just all factual questions that a middle schooler could have answered), a midterm, a group paper, and a final exam. plus participation counts. Professor Edmonds is a good prof and really nice outside of class. The lectures can get a little boring and repetitive, but the material is pretty interesting. Development is a GREAT class. Even if you don\'t plan on doing the \'4 track, you should really consider taking it. Its extremely interesting and really broadens your world view. I have learned so much by taking 24 and really feel like every econ student would benefit from it. Its not too demanding as far as time commitment goes. There are almost weekly, one page policy briefs that cover a wide range of topics from fair-trade to foreign aid. The tests are very fair and there were never any surprises or tricks. There is a ton of assigned reading, but you can get by without doing too much of it, though it is helpful to give you a little more background for the lectures. Its also refreshing to take an econ class that doesn\'t feel like you\'re selling your soul... Take it The material is fascinating. You do not need to do the reading... or even buy the book. The tests and assignments are not that hard. There are 6 problem sets, about 6 one-page policy briefs, 1 midterm, 1 final. Very manageable. Kruger was new to Dartmouth this fall and it was very obvious. She used Edmonds syllabus, and slides, and assignments, and i think some of his test questions too. She tried very hard to be prepared... but didn\'t seem to have the material grasped very well. Questions by students often baffled her, or forced her to start over the explanation instead of just responding to the specific part. She was very friendly though, and I think she got better (for the most part) as the term went on. if you\'re interested in development/saving the world/ending poverty.... take this class! it shows you very interesting ways to look at different situations and is probably one of the more applicable econ classes that i\'ve taken. the prof obviously knows things but she isnt confident and obviously uses prof Edmond\'s course outline which takes away from her ability to give strong lectures. also, the material isnt too tough, nor were assignments, but grading seemed a bit weird. I went in expecting this class to be decent, but it really exceeded my expectations. I found most of the material to be fascinating and definitely learned a lot. I also liked that we discussed current events related to development. This is not your traditional econ class, but I would definitely recommend it. But I would have rather taken it with Edmonds. Kruger, as a visiting professor, tried really hard, but I think she had some difficulty answering our questions. The tests and problem sets and policy briefs weren\'t hard and as far as econ classes go, this is one of the easier ones. Edmonds is a great prof. He gives funny lectures and won\'t hesitate to call kids out in class, but at the same time he seems really involved in his field outside of class and he knows what\'s up. Definitely recommended for majors. I had pretty mixed feelings about this class. The material was definitely interesting, and it was certainly a departure from the norm as far as econ classes go. However, one thing to keep in mind, is that it lacked very little human aspect to the material; it was basically economic concepts and ideas applied to people living in poor countries. If you want to know more about the history of development and some real-world examples of how it takes place over time, consider something in the Geography department instead (like 6 or 17). Edmonds was a pretty good lecturer; his slides were clear and he was decent at conveying the material in class; he was also pretty receptive to questions during lecture as well. He was occasionally funny and sarcastic, picking on people and making random comments about drinking on Wednesday nights, which was certainly entertaining. However, outside of class, he definitely made himself available in office hours, but I always felt like I was a burden on his time -- he would answer my questions, but he never seemed particularly warm or friendly. I think that he was pretty overwhelmed with a lot of the outside research that he was doing, so he was also apt to be somewhat delayed in responding to blitzes, if he ever responded at all. With regards to the structure of the course, I thought that the midterm was pretty fair and that the final was WAY more difficult. The problem sets were basically only checked for completion, and we also had to do a few policy briefs, which were basically summaries of different issues in developing nations. As long as you put some effort into them, you could easily get a check (which is the best you could do), and these two components made up 20% of your grade, which was helpful. We also had a final research project and presentation, which was interesting to research and a definite diversion from the standard econ-type course stuff, and it was also a nice grade booster at 10% of the final grade. Great course--really interesting, but not too much work. One Midterm, biweekly problem sets graded on completion only, 3 policy briefs (2-page essay/reports also graded on completion), a group paper/presentation, and a final. About 75% of the material for the two exams comes directly from the problem sets and the practice tests. Focus on the concepts and not memorizing specific cases or graphs and you\'ll do well. You really don\'t have to do any of the reading, just pay attention to the lectures and the assignments. The concepts of this course overlap a lot with models from international economics courses, so econ majors will probably not have to put in as much time as non-majors, but even non-majors shouldn\'t need to spend more than a few hours a week. This was a fabulous course because you can get a ton out of it without having to put an excessive amount of time in. Edmonds is great--very responsive to students, and even tried to learn all our names, which wasn\'t easy with 3 full sections of the course. I would recommend this course to anyone--it really helps you understand why the problems with development are so hard to fix, and why the most common approaches to solve those problems have failed. But then there\'s a little hope too--we all did a group paper proposing a project for a developing country that would help one aspect of development, and there were a ton of great ideas that sounded incredibly promising. Take it! you won\'t regret it. The material is really interesting and relevant to issues that are frequently addressed (and often misunderstood) by the media. It is more qualitative than a standard econ class, but Edmonds definitely relies heavily on empirical research to make his point. The tests are not too hard, but you basically need to regurgitate exactly what Edmonds wants. The only problem with the class was Edmonds. He gives pretty good lectures, but sometimes his humor is a bit inappropriate (he mocks students quite a bit, although he isn\'t mean-spirited). He also targets specific students, but then again he is nice to those who come to class and try. He isn\'t bad--just a bit juvenile for a prof, in my opinion. I was fascinated by all the material. I would do the reading on my own time. Unfortunately I didnt have time to do most of the reading during the class but it didnt matter. You can study from class slides and problem sets and do well for the two exams. There are a few problems sets and policy briefs (page long papers) but they\'re all graded very easily on a check/check minus basis (so you basically just have to complete them). This is definately not your typical econ course, it\'s much much better! The class was very interesting and I probably learned more in this class than in almost any other class I had ever taken. This helped me gain a basic understanding and very broad overview of economics. Professor Edmonds has an acerbic sense of humor, but he\'s generally friendly and very available outside of class to explain concepts and problem sets. The one thing I have to complain about this class were the exams. They were definitely much trickier than I expected. They were not especially difficult, but I feel the way some of the questions were phrased and the very broad nature of the topic and the answers made it difficult to come up with t he very specific answers that Edmonds is looking for. All in all a good class, and Edmonds is a good prof. This class however is more work than you\'d expect, so don\'t take this if you\'re expecting an easy A.