This economics course is too much old fashioned. Time to change it. Too much weight is put on the midterms and the final. I am a firm believer that exams alone cannot asses my knowledge of any material. I hated this class, the professor, and it is by far, the worst class I have taken at Dartmouth so far. The amount of workload that a student is supposed to do, and what type of work they should do to foster their knowledge in the economics was never made clear. The test sucked, and it was clear that the sole intention was to bring the median to a B. Too much weight is put on multiple choice questions. It is time for the department to change the way it evaluates students, and not rely entirely on test alone. Three exams. We had tests as well as problem sets. exams were fair. loved that problem sets weren\'t graded. If they were that would have been so much unnecessary stress. Not much work which encourages studying and paying attention in class which is nice. tests and psets and midterms were all fair and helpful. Exams were fair. Problem sets were fair. Expected workload was fair. Exams were hard but she gave us all the material to prepare for it. Final paper. I think that the tests were all pretty fair. I think that some of the wording is intentionally meant to trap some answers, but in general, the tests reflected the material we covered in class. I think that the tests were ok but it was mostly a matter of beating the time as the time allotted for tests were incredulously small. I thought the methods of evaluation were fair and the workload was manageable and not particularly difficult. I thought the tests were very fair. Infrequent psets and two midterms and a final. No assigned homework which made it difficult to practice solutions. Midterm and final, small participation component. Our grade was based on participation, exams, and homework assignments. I think grading on participation for an auditorium style class is not practical. Problem sets were reasonably spaced and had material that related to the topics preceding it. Midterms had many questions and too little time for me (at least) to put thought into all of them without skipping some and circling random answers later. The final exam seems to solve this problem with more time. Oftentimes I find it difficult to connect the slides which are generally concept oriented, to apply them to actual problems on paper. Seems like there were a good amount of problem sets. Exams were fair, but midterms were a bit long for the 65 minute class period. Workload was good. Tests should be held after class. Students should be able to finish the test without feeling stressed. All students do not work at the same pace. It is unreasonable to expect every student to complete an 8 page test in 1 hour. The midterms and the final exam were reasonable. I wish there were more feedback for the problem sets. The only mandatory work for the class is 5 Problem Sets throughout the term graded for completion and 3 exams (2 midterms, 1 final). The midterms are timed which makes the exams very challenging considering the amount of content on the exam. The final is cumulative and is not timed. All exams require a great deal of studying to do well as they are pretty difficult content wise. The textbook is used by personal discretion and is not used with course material at all. Therefore, there is no mandatory work to do before every class. The problem set and exam combination was good, but to really succeed students had to put in a lot of extra time and effort. Thought tests were fair and challenging at the same time. We had two midterms and a final exam, with problem sets. Since we did not have any homework, workload depended on the student. Work well. Helpful. Workload and tests are very reasonable. Workload was less than expected. Maybe more small homework assignments to help students learn more details on concepts. the problem sets and exams were hard but manageable. the tests were fair, but the time pressure made it difficult to answer correctly. there should have been more quizzes and graded homework rather than just midterms and a final.The class was almost all lecture based. People can ask questions, but there are no small group discussions or activities. The class was too big for there to be an accurate discussion amongst the class. This could be worked on. There is no discussion in this class. You go in, sit, and listen and try to make out what the professor is trying to say. It never worked for me, nor did it for anyone. Half of the students have already taken economics in high school before, so they understand it better than others, and the pace is then set to their taste. The students who are just starting to learn economics can never understand it clearly enough. There was not much discussion, maybe it would be better and more engaging if there was a little bit more of that. There was not much discussion. Professor Anderson encouraged participation while going over the problem sets, but for many of these reviews, she rarely called on the class and instead answered the questions herself. Very little discussion, but lectures did give opportunity for some class participation. good mix of lecture and question and answer. mostly lecture but I think that\'s how it should be for Econ 1. not much discussion. Almost all lecture. Class was mostly lecture, but might be more helpful if some days were more discussion. Entirely lecture based. Entirely lecture-based. Half lecture, half discussion  I liked how the classes were all lectures. I think that there could have been more discussion, and that there could have been some videos or something to change up the monotony of lectures. It was all lecture. Lectures are very boring. Little class discussion makes the class move even slower. Listening to one person talk for an hour is painful. Little discussion except on problem set days. Mostly a lecture based class with limited discussion. Mostly lecture except for when we discussed problem sets. Effectively conveyed information. Not a lot of discussion. Problem sets offered some discussion but primarily lecture based. The class was entirely lecture, which was fine given the nature of the material. The class was pretty much all lecture. There was little engagement in this class, which I think was a bit of a problem. The lectures were boring. The problem set discussions kinda made up for this. The lectures were instructional and clear. The professor clearly downloads her PowerPoint presentations from the Internet and pretty much just reads them word for word during class. However, she will sometimes draw graphs on the chalkboard and if someone asks a question during any point of the lecture she explains it very thoroughly. There really wasn\'t much discussion; when we discussed the problem sets she would call on a student to explain an answer, which was really frustrating because most of the time you wouldn\'t be able to hear what the student was saying, it wasn\'t always a correct justification, and because it\'s a student and not a teacher, explanations weren\'t very clear. Thought it was fine. We had lectures where students were welcome to ask any questions. would have helped to be more discussing. Made me more interested in taking further econ classes. Made me think harder if I want to pursue econ major. NA. Not really. Probably not going to take any more econ classes to be totally honest. made me more interested in Econ. Economics is interesting and I might want to go into environmental economics because of this. Encouraged me to put effort into class preparation, like reading slides and the textbook, apart from just going to class. Encourages me to take more economics courses at Dartmouth. First experience into economics, not a bad experience. I don\'t think I will be an Econ major. Has nothing to do with how the course is taught and more to do with the material itself--I prefer learning about other things. Would take a class with Professor Anderson again--she was fair and a good professor and the often comical examples she chose made the class more interesting. I know I will not be an econ major and I hope to God I never take another econ class again. Hugely stressful because I felt like I just couldn\'t understand the material. I learnt to be brave and I\'m going for an Econ major. I likely still want to be an economics minor, but this course neither strengthened nor weakened that desire. I think that this course positively portrayed the economics department here at Dartmouth. I thought this class was a good basis for other economics courses in the future. I want to be an economics major at Dartmouth, and this was a great first dive into the field. I was interested in this course and it encouraged me to take more economics classes. I would still consider taking another economics class. It challenged me to think better and be more hardworking. It did not. I was already planning on studying economics in some way after the intro class and still have those plans. It made me more interested in econ. Maybe ill take more econ classes! Showed how something written far in the past can still have influence on us today. Started my major. I love econ. I hated going to this class. The course material was interesting, and I look forward to continuing my pursuit of economics. This course made me lose interest in Economics. I will still be taking Econ courses as I am aware this is a weed-out class. Working towards the major. made me question if i should pursue econ. Professor Anderson is a solid professor who effectively conveys the information. I took this class on the off chance that I would be interested. I wasn\'t, but that has much more to do with the material itself than her teaching style. Even though I didn\'t get an A in the class, I would take a class with Professor Anderson again and don\'t really understand why everyone is complaining about her. Overall, a very solid class. Curtis is an excellent professor who makes economics relatable by using examples from her own life. She is also very transparent about grading and easy to talk to. Tests are not easy but they are fair. Curtis has high quality mom vibes. She\'s got her stories and examples down. She\'s a pro. The course material is pretty simple. The textbook and her teaching overlap significantly. Basically, you read and get a detailed overview of more info than you need. Then, Curtis tells you exactly what you need to know. Tests are a good assessment of your understanding (not just complete regurgitation of the material). Practice problems help, but prioritize conceptual understanding. Nothing was too challenging if you listened. Enjoyed the class, and would recommend. Professor Curtis is an amazing economics professor. She explains all the concepts in a straightforward manner with plenty of examples. If you really want to learn and understand economics, taking this class with Curtis. If you are looking for a good grade, try someone else. That being said, it is not impossible to get an A in Curtis\'s class. Her tests are hard, but her problem sets and extension questions are very similar to the tests. If you do all the work (which is like 4-5 hours a week if you do the reading), you will get a good grade. Curtis usually curves her tests up to an 80 median which gives her class a B median once participation is calculated in. Ultimately, I loved taking this class with professor Curtis and highly recommend it. It\'s really obvious that she is trying to weed kids out, and I don\'t understand why that is needed at a school like Dartmouth. Patricia Anderson knows/has knowledge in the field of economics, thats why she is at Dartmouth. But, as a professor, she sucks. It was clear that she really did not want to teach this course. It was not a good experience. Would not recommend. Take it with someone else. Econ 1 is hard indeed, but she makes it harder, as she is such a bad porf. The grades is heavily based on exams, and most of it, or almost 2/3rd is multiple choice(MC). MCs make your life hell, get one wrong, and that 3 points off. Not an active discussion class. Boring lectures. Takes the fun of economics from economics. Amazing professor, excellent at explaining economics in real world terms. Nothing in the readings is very difficult, but Professor Curtis does have fairly brutal tests. Keep up with the problem sets and make sure you study a reasonable amount and this will be a fairly light, enjoyable course. Easy course. Great prof. The tests are stupid, because the multiple choice are worth 3.33% each, and sometimes they\'re curveballs. Sometimes MC answers that are technically right are still wrong because another answer is slightly better. Be careful and you\'ll do great. Tests get curved though, so all good. 10/10 would take again with Curtis. I was told to take this class with Curtis and I couldn\'t have asked for a better professor. She explains everything so well, and makes really complicated topics seem easy with in-class games and exercises to mimic the real world. She holds so many office hours and really encourages us to come to them. Grading is strict, though, and it is generally hard to get an amazing grade, but if you want to learn then take it with Curtis. Curtis is great and her lectures are great. But if you\'re not a quick test taker, then this class will be super challenging. I knew all the content but those exams were so rushed. This class can go two ways. I loved this class and it convinced me to take more econ classes and I did really well. However the person sitting next to me was struggling and dropped the class. Its not an intensive class, there is just one problem set each week. Tests carry a lot of weight. Curtis keeps the class engaging. I was initially disappointed that I didn\'t get Curtis, but I was glad I took it with Shenhav! Lectures were clear and enjoyable, but if you want a good grade, ECON1 does take work and you\'ll need to spend time outside class reviewing material. Shenhav uploads her lecture PDFs on Canvas which is helpful for review. I went to office hours a couple of times and she was really helpful and encouraging.  Take it from Curtis if possible. Although the midterms are challenging, ECON 1 with Curtis teaches you a lot and prepares you for the major in a smooth way. This is a great class and somewhat of a Dartmouth classic, so I would definitely recommend taking with Curtis. She is very good prof, helpful in office hours, and great at lecturing. The key to doing well in the class is in the problem sets (I am not sure that reading the book helped me at all... if you have good attention span, commit yourself to paying attention in class and strive to understand everything she does on the board). Do the problem sets at least twice to make sure you have everything down. Always ask questions in class if confused. Prof Petre prepares you really well for her tests by offering a ton of materials!!! Also really nice to have your notes handed to you everyday before class. The tests are hard though, and sometimes the notes don\'t entirely explain to you how to solve some problems - the test questions regularly go one step beyond the notes - but I think that\'s the point. And Prof Petre is more than willing to help if you ask questions, or stay for a minute after class, or go to her office hours!! Prof Petre is super nice, just take advantage of the fact that she allows for regrades within one week of getting the exam back. She got a bunch of things wrong when grading my midterms that I did not realize until now as I review the tests to prep for the final. Also, she doesn\'t necessarily teach you everything you need to know. Online resources are key. Walked out with a pretty high grade in the class but still thought the exams were plenty unfair. Always felt unprepared. The T/R class is structured significantly different than MWF class (and is arguably a lot easier), though the 10A felt like it dragged on forever most days. Problem sets were really helpful for exams. Otherwise, Professor Curtis was pretty unreasonable and hands off with her students. Was not the most compromising and seemed very NOT understanding of different students\' circumstances, which was really surprising considering that most students in the class are freshmen. She is great about office hours and additional resources though.. and you should definitely use them. Shenhav is the best! She really tries hard to make the class interesting in spite of the relatively boring content (graphs etc.) and is super available and accessible for help outside of class if you take the initiative to reach out to her. She doesn\'t give you a grade worse than you deserve (i.e. she will give you an A if you average a 94 unlike some other econ 1 classes), and she\'s super chill and didn\'t comment when I went to sleep in class. Highly recommend taking it with her! Would not recommend taking this with Shenhav. Her lectures were boring and she was mostly unhelpful when questions were asked. She made the concepts more difficult to understand than they should have been. Professor Anderson\'s lectures were pretty dry but got the information across. Workload was super light with weekly problem sets graded for completion. Exams were multiple choice heavy which made it easy for a couple questions to really swing your grade, but they also aren\'t that hard so it balances out. Basically just review for a couple days before the exams and you will be fine. Good class, lectures were a bit dry. If you have taken AP Micro in high school, you will probably have an advantage. Exams were difficult, although Shenhav\'s exams are easier than other teachers\' exams I believe and cover slightly less material. The class has very little workload. There are six problem sets for homework throughout the term. Each probably takes around two hours of work. Two midterms, and one final exam. Concepts are difficult and there are a lot of graphs but if you review the powerpoints, problem sets, and the sample tests than you should be good to go. Shenhav also holds office hours and is open to having students ask her questions about Economics. Definitely a hard class and I had to put a lot of work into it to to do well, but also definitely worth it. If you take Econ 1, take it with Zarnowski. He\'s an older guy who is really interesting and cares about his students and I looked forward to come into class every day. To do well in his class, I would recommend studying all the problem sets (which were graded and really really similar to his tests), reading the textbook and taking notes on the textbook, memorizing graphs (towards the later part of the course just draw them over and over again they will come in handy), and going over class notes. To get an A in this class you need a 96 or above which is lowkey absurd, but an A-/B+ you can definitely get. Honestly great experience in this class. Zarnowski made me love Econ and made dry material really interesting with his real life examples and funny experiences. Scott is a pretty awful lecturer. He uses extremely dense presentations and it\'s very hard to hear him if you can\'t get a seat at the front of the class. His tests will often base problems around topics that he might have mentioned for no more than a few minutes in class, and since there are no additional grades apart from two midterms (25% each) and the final (50%), tanking one could hurt you pretty badly. He does send out a lot of practice problems and exams that you should absolutely do, but you need to go over the class notes (which he emails to the class) in order to adequately prepare for the exams. This, however, will take a really long time since they are packed with super specific details; all of which could wind up on the tests. He\'s a really nice guy, but his class will be a grind even if you have some Econ experience coming in; it\'s possible to get an A, but it will require a lot of work. I recommend taking it with a different professor, but if you wind up taking it with Scott then definitely go to his X-hours and office hours where you can ask questions and watch him solve problems that could appear on his tests. Absolutely the worst Econ 001 Prof offered. Avoid taking him at all costs. Econ 001 is a weeder course and he is the tool of the Econ Department\'s Destruction. He is an incredibly nice guy who will lure you in during the first two weeks of the quarter with his southern drawl only to murder you with his first midterm (that is worth 25% of your grade). He often throws in Curve Balls to his tests (your grade is solely based on your performance on two midterms and a final) where he expects for you to be able to extrapolate the answer from the material he went over in class for 5 minutes. The textbook is not very helpful but it is 100 times more helpful than his lectures. During his lectures, he rambles on mindlessly about Economic Principles that many will not understand unless they got a 5 on the AP exam and can stay awake during before mentioned lectures. In summary, Great guy, very accommodating and understanding. Bad teacher and lecturer. Take this class with Elizabeth Curtis, and with a friend! Professor Curtis explains concepts very clearly, offers frequent office hours, and lets you work in groups of two on problem sets (so having a friend who works hard in the class really helps)! Econ 1 has the reputation of being a harder class, but I found the material quite easy and the workload more than manageable. Read the textbook, do the practice problems, review the Powerpoints, and ask questions when you have them (Curtis has tons of office hours and is more than willing to schedule more to help). Not very challenging at all, but a very important and worthwhile class to take. Recommend taking it with Curtis—she\'s very clear in class and tells you everything you possibly need to know. Midterms were very straightforward and everything you would expect, and the final was also very reasonable. Do the work and you\'ll get an A-, put in a little extra time studying and get an A. Great professor, lecturers can be a little dry at times, read the textbook, there\'s a supplement workbook that goes along with the textbook that\'s also pretty helpful, the cut off scores for grades were pretty high, you needed a 96+ to get an A and a 92-96 to get an A-, his exams were fair but each multiple choice was worth 2.5 points so miss 2 questions and you\'re already down to an A-, homeworks were graded on accuracy, Zarnowski was always available during office hours one on one to help which was nice. He\'s a fantastic storyteller, who brings concepts to life with interesting stories in class – but most of the stories are just about how awesome his life was and don\'t help your understanding of economic concepts. All of his problem examples are exactly the same as the textbook, so it\'s debatably a waste of time to show up if you\'ve read the textbook. He does not know how to use email, so he requires students to meet him during office hours (during the 2A, which sucks) if you have any questions. Does not know how to use Canvas either, so everything is on paper. If you lose the syllabus from the first day you\'re screwed. There are three midterms and a final. He literally lost my first midterm so I had to just believe that the grade he remembered is what I actually earned. However, he misgraded my next two midterms, so I doubt that the first grade was correct. Overall, this was the worst experience I\'ve had with a teacher in my lifetime, but it was a decent class. I know it\'s not a popular opinion, but I thought Anderson was great. She knows her stuff and keeps it interesting with her dry humor. Plus she is the most organized teacher I\'ve ever had. Canvas is loaded with powerpoints and practice tests that are super useful. It\'s a lecture style class and she does lots of examples, but you can prepare however little or much you want. Midterms were hard and required a lot of preparation, but she\'s a fair grader. It may be rough if you have never taken Econ, but not impossible. Overall, I would recommend the class and the prof. I respect Anderson, she clearly knows her stuff. However, she doesn\'t really care about either undergrads or intro courses. The lectures had cool material, but she didn\'t really made it enjoyable. No matter how much you study in her class, you will probably end up with a B/B+. Her exams are just tricky on words, and you will pretty much use every minute of given time. Other teachers have stricter grade margins, but easier exams. Nevertheless, take the class because some things you will learn are essential. Youtube and Jacob Clifford will be your best friends.