The quizzes were very straightforward which was nice and the workload was certainly not overwhelming. The rubric was clear and straightforward (and fair), and if I wanted explanation about my grade I could get that from office hours or a meeting with the professor. The workload and the presentation-based method of evaluation was fair, but it would have been nice to receive feedback after each presentation so that students would know how to improve. The workload is insane.  I have never spent so much time on a class throughout all the classes I have taken at Dartmouth. The presentations requires so much time and effort and the grades felt a little random. The workload was very heavy, with the majority of our grades being based on group projects. There were 4 quizzes throughout the course as well. The workload was very manageable, and the professor\'s emphasis on planning and drafting was helpful. This class was different and interesting. Although it caused a lot of pressure for me, I took a lot from our live presentations. Three projects, all completed with the same partner initially assigned by the professor using a survey  at the start of the term. Two of these projects are handouts, and one is a 10-minute self-edited video, all about different macroeconomic aspects of a country of your choice. There are also four small multiple-choice quizzes on basic concepts throughout the term. Workload seems to be concentrated in the weeks before presentations are due, with much less to do in the meantime. Spreading out this workload would be beneficial for better balance. YOU HAVE NO CONTROL OVERY OUR GRADES. YOU ARE AT THE MERCY OF GOD (IF GOD EXISTS).  - presentations on which everyone scores decent, random points about feedback and teamwork which really don\'t make sense, and quizzes on which all score the same. - expects a lot of workload, but literally, there is nothing to do in this class save when presentation time comes and you crank for a few days and do a decent job. wtf is this class anyway? group presentation style instead of exams works very well, but the workload was very heavy in the weeks leading up to the presentations and far lighter in the weeks after the presentations. presentations were fair but should be more graded on the content quality and not the color scheme. projects were great way to structure this class - Homework, tests, and papers given were fair and reflected material we learned in class. 15% class discussion, 25% case study discussion, one midterm, one take home case study, 3 psets. It\'s hard to gauge how well you are participating in class all term, and moreover hard to gauge how much to prepare for class since if you don\'t get called on/raise your hand fast enough in class, you might not be able to give your two cents. Evaluation could be subjective because he didn’t take clear notes on student participation which was the main evaluation technique. I like the different ways in which we were assesed. The workload was high but fair and think all the ways of assesing us were a good way of reflecting our learning. I liked the grading structure. I think he should give us exams, to force us to actually study the material. I thought the workload was manageable and also challenged me in new ways; participation was a huge part of the course and forced me to speak up and really engage the material which I enjoyed. I wish we had had more information about the midterm going in. I enjoyed the final (a case study). With all this in mind, I have no idea what my grade in the course will be so I wish I had a bit more guidance on that front. Midterm that\'s worth 8 points, so nothing, and then everything else = participation. N/A. Participation was a large factor. The final case study was the final exam. The midterm was more akin to a quiz, but as difficult as a full length exam. Test was hard but a good marker for how much you learned. Problem sets made us think critically and learn outside of class. Paper was hard but really let us open up our minds to macro theories. The case study final I feel I wasn\'t fully prepared for, we didn\'t go into the numbers enough for regular discussions. The midterm was good, the final case study exam was interesting and fun to do. There was one midterm, worth only 15% of our grade and a final case discussion, which was worth 35% of our grade. The rest was based on turning in the problems sets, and participation, which was worth 40% of the grade. In terms of workload, we only had three problem sets, which did not take that long to do. But, since each class was discussion based, and participation was 40% of the grade, it was necessary to do all of the readings in advance for the class. We had one midterm that was incredibly short, 3 homework assignments, but the most of the grade came from participation 40% Would\'ve liked more problem sets. case studies. problem sets were very difficult and felt disconnected from what prof was teaching, not much guidance around exam. The class was mostly lectures with frequent student participation, guest lecturers, and in class presentations from students that involved subsequent discussion. The discussion was more forced through the use of polls. It ended up being mainly lecture despite attempts at discussion. I think this is because most of the class would be tuned out after listening to talk about the Canvas page for a half hour. The lecture-heavy format of the class worked well as we also had our fair share of discussions with our partner teams and with our team partners. The lectures should be a lot more prominent in class. The mixture between lecture and discussion was very well balanced! The professor gave opportunities to talk about readings but gave expert lectures the majority of the time. The professor talked too much about plans during class and we were therefore unable to go over much of the crucial content. The structure is fine in theory but I think it could have been executed better. The structure of the class was great because the focus on projects pushed us to engage with the material on a deeper level and actually apply it to real world examples. There was a lot more lecture than a discussion but it was complemented nicely with the large amount of group work we did outside the classroom. There was hardly any lecture. I think more lecture is needed. Wasn\'t really a lecture - more just him talking about stuff that was outside the curriculum. Should actually lecture on the material. Well balanced. good lectures. great! more lecture would be helpful in understand class concepts. - Good balance between the two. About a quarter of the class was lecture style, the rest was discussion based. Discussion/lecture mix but you\'re expected to participate quite a bit. Excellent mix between lecture and discussion. Class discussions were fabulous and I think would be helpful for any class. Good. Good balance between lecture and discussion, lots of participation from students. Good mix between lecture and discussion. Guided discussion by the professor with integrated lectures. I enjoyed going to class and learned a lot. But I didn\'t think there were assignments/mechanisms to lock in what we had learned in class. I liked how he would allow us to contribute to the discussion while he lectured. Moreover, he never went off-topic because he controlled the conversations well. I liked the class structure as well. I really enjoyed how class was structured and found all the material incredibly engaging. I felt like we always covered a lot in a class period but that it was a nice balance of participation and lecture. Comin would also challenge us and ask us to clarify often, which at times was hard but also rewarding. I really enjoyed the structure of the class, his teaching methods were just super unclear. I think the mix was perfect and kept every one engaged. On average, each class was about 90% discussion and 10% lecture. The lecture usually came at the end of class. It was a nice deviation from the norm, but sometimes it was a little too much. The class was mostly discussion with case studies. The structure was beautiful. Times when we were listening to key thing and then the rest of the time our discussion led to uncovering key concepts. Very good mix. mainly discussion which i like, good balance. Quite negatively honestly. Not only will this class reduce my GPA but also didn’t really prepare me for any future macroeconomics classes. I came out of it knowing little about actual macroeconomics. Should\'ve waited to take 22. The course introduces me not only to an economic perspective to look at the world, but also propels me to understand that a country and its population\'s wellbeing is not solely determined by the economy. For my Dartmouth career, I think this course provides me a more technical point of view about the world\'s development issues, and I\'m excited to explore them from a more theoretical lens through my geography major. This class made me very interested in economics. This class showed me that I have to tools to be an influential policy maker especially if I pursue an education in a topic like macroeconomics. This course convinced me to take more Economics courses at Dartmouth and learn more about Macroeconomics. This course made me more excited about being an econ major. This course made my term so much more difficult, and I feel like I put a huge amount of genuine effort in and I’m worried that it still might not be seen by the professor because there are so many ways people can game the system through collusion on collegiality surveys, which is disappointing. This course taught me a lot about collaboration and the use of the media centre at Dartmouth. This course taught me how to work in a two-person group and be incredibly self-reliant. While I don\'t think this is an effective style of teaching, I did learn a lot throughout the term about working with others and putting in extra effort to get what I need to complete work. good course! Learned to make a video! it increased my interest in economics learned about macroeconomics. love econ and understand growth, monetary policy, and fiscal policy SO much more now!! Would take this class again in a heartbeat because we genuinely learned so much content. Will never forget my country and the economy we worked on for these 10 weeks! - Great class and I would like to further pursue economics as my major. Hard class but loved the material and the culture that was created. Definitely a class I would recommend with Prof. Comin. I am continuing with the ECON major but a little dispirited that I don\'t have as solid of a macro background as I would\'ve liked for future courses. I am heavily considering majoring in Economics now. I was going to do a minor. I loved Prof Comin - if he taught another class I would take it without hesitation. Also his jokes were funny, some of the things he said in lectures were hilarious. I really like the case model type of course, this makes me excited for graduate school. I really loved this course and it reinforced why I want to have economics be part of my major. I wish I felt like I knew more about macroeconomic principles but I truly don\'t. It didn\'t really. It helped me understand the importance of participating in all my classes to help further my learning here at Dartmouth. It was part of my major. Made economics far more interesting and applicable to the real world. First econ class to do that so good job. Overall, I did enjoy in the class and it did make me more interested in taking more econ classes. Reinforced once again that hard classes are worth taking. This course made me considerably more interested in studying economics as a future major. Very little. i enjoyed it, made me realize i enjoy econ discussions but not problem sets. positively. Worst class I’ve taken at Dartmouth so far. I love Econ and so this class felt particularly wasteful. The basic idea of picking a country and analyzing a few important economic trends in it is really cool but really doesn’t lend itself to Econ 22. He doesn’t really lecture so nobody in the class knows any macroeconomics which leads to all the presentations being more or less the same and mostly pretty shallow. Additionally, the grading system is really wack, you’re graded on 3 presentations which are only 3 page handouts. Often the people grading are TAs who aren’t in class to watch the presentation and the grades are completely arbitrary with no comments to help you improve. He repeatedly says grades don’t matter at all in this class but it’s still curved to a B which means you’re basically screwed unless he loves you and you suck up to him and even then maybe not. Overall a waste of time, came out of it learning nothing new while also taking a hit to my GPA. This class was... frustrating. Levin is a great guy, clearly an acclaimed economist and really one of the nicest profs I\'ve had. But the way he designed this course was really irritating. As others have mentioned, pretty much the entire grade comes from three presentations (two, three-page handouts with a ten-minute oral presentation in class and one ten-minute video) and grades for collaboration/teamwork on these projects. You pick a country in the beginning of the class and present on it three times with a partner (you can pick your partner or go random). I knew much of this going in, and I like public speaking, so I thought that this would be a fun way to do 22. The problem is that each presentation is graded on a B median by TAs, so (a) you end up pouring time in just making your presentations look prettier and sound smarter than other people\'s and (b) the grade has basically nothing to do with your presentation skills, it\'s all about the contents of the handouts/video. The other problem is that Levin moves slowly and spends a ton of time on logistics, so he barely lectures. He gives really basic overview of macro concepts, and then gives easy quizzes on them, and these count for a tiny sliver of your grade. I know a lot about my country\'s economy now, but not a whole lot about macroeconomics. If you wind up taking this course, my advice would be to go hard on your first project and follow the rubric closely, and also to go to office hours with questions/drafts as often as possible to get edits/suggestions and to suck up. Get ahead on your projects and do a lot for your partner/partner teams so you get good feedback from them.  Awesome class. It can seem pointless at first, but unlike the people taking 22 with Comin, you will actually be able to explain real economic phenomena in the news, not just memorizing graphs you will never use again. In terms of practical knowledge, probably the best class I\'ve ever taken. 3 project presentations are your entire grade, so if you don\'t like exams that is a plus. I am a big exam person and still found the class very enjoyable. Terrible class. Yes, the workload is not heavy - only 3 presentations throughout the term with very low-stakes quizzes that he gives review questions for. But look forward to receiving very arbitrary grades on the presentations with no useful feedback and a large portion (92/398 points) of your grade determined by peer reviews that you will never have access to. A big fan of this class. Instead of taking midterms, you and a partner have to give 3 presentations on a country of your choosing. There a couple quizzes - but they are all very straight forward, and all under 10 minutes. No midterms or finals! As well as being one of the leaders in his field (He was very senior at the FED), Levin is extremely passionate about his students and is always available to meet with you whenever you need help. He is also genuinely very interested in his students and wants them to work together as much as possible. The workload is manageable as long you do not things last minute - you do have to put in a lot of work into your presentations. This class is more about you and your fellow classmates teaching each other - I would not recommend taking this class if you do have a fairly strong macro+micro background and not that interested in Economics. If you are able to work in a team, enjoy economics, enjoy research, and willing to ask interesting questions - you will do very well in this class. Comin is a great professor. I loved the way we focused on macroeconomic applications to the real world and examined policies enacted by various countries. The case studies were interesting to get into. However, the class was a bit unorganized, especially in terms of grading. Your grade is almost entirely participation (the midterm doesn\'t really count). This makes grades a bit arbitrary since he bases it off of what he remembers you saying in class (he doesn\'t take notes). The department as a whole has to set a B median, so grades are definitely a worry. Don\'t be afraid to speak up, but also recognize that your chances of getting an A- or an A are fairly slim. Also, keep in mind that every class is basically discussion based and he doesn\'t really teach the concepts from the textbook (we skip a bunch of chapters). That said, there is barely any work to do before classes due to their structure and the final is an easy take home case study so if you\'re looking for a light load, go ahead. If you\'re looking for lecture based learning and a concrete grading scheme, Comin probably isn\'t right for you. You will end up learning a lot in this class, and all the problem sets are fairly time-consuming so start them early (definitely get to know a couple classmates so you can go over your psets with each other)!!! Rose is a pretty good professor and explains things fairly well, so I didn\'t really end up looking at the textbook that much. However, there is plenty of other reading to make up for that (there are about 5-6 articles to read every unit and you need to know the information from all of them for the tests). There aren\'t really any surprises on the tests because she provides so many practice tests (previous exams), but they are are long with a time-crunch. Overall, if you put in the work and hrs, keep up with the material, and do the practice tests, then getting an A or A- is attainable. Professor Comin\'s class was the most intellectually rewarding class I have taken at Dartmouth so far. You will learn real-life applications of economic theories that appear ideal and useless through well-developed case studies. Yes, the class forces you to participate and it is stressful. However, you will develop confidence while learning to stay attentive for the entire duration of class time and to remain communicative with the professor during class. In the end, if you truly value learning, this class is for you. If you primarily value securing an A, this class is definitely not for you. You will learn a lot in this class (Rose crams a lot of material into every class), but it\'s also exhausting. You have graded p-sets every two weeks that take hours to complete, and just like her exams, they are graded extremely harshly. Rose takes points off for meaningless things and a great part of your grade will be based on how good you are at memorizing *exactly* what she wants you to memorize. She says she cares about intuition but doesn\'t actually grade like this, so it can be frustrating when you understand the material but don\'t respond exactly as she wants. If you have the time/patience/rigor, it\'s a good learning experience, but not the most practical choice if you\'re just completing the requirement. I don\'t know if these other reviewers were on crack while writing their reviews or if they\'ve never had a good prof, because this was one of the worst classes I\'ve ever taken, and I\'m currently in it. Like the reviewer right before me, I\'ve contemplated taking the W for this class instead of having to sit through this bull three times a week. Her problem sets will literally take hours, as they are the most tedious, annoying assignments you\'ll ever have. If you have a life then I\'d recommend not taking this class because it is an absolute waste of my time. Lectures put me to bed, and that\'s made worse by the fact that I know I\'ll have to go back to my dorm and crank out fifteen pages of her ridiculous psets. Her chants barely help (if you need a chant to remember that GDP is C+I+G+NX, I have no clue why you\'re at Dartmouth). Rose is a really nice person but she\'s just not a good professor by any means. I learn more through the textbook than I do her class. If you want to have a decent econ22 experience, take literally any other professor. If you choose to ignore this review, sure, take the class, but I GUARANTEE you\'ll be ripping your hair out by the eighth hour working on your first problem set (not exaggerating). Rip. Worst class I\'ve taken at Dartmouth. It\'s incomprehensible that she continues to teach here, as she would be far better suited at whatever elementary school they have in Hanover. Feyrer\'s lectures are engaging and useful. You definitely learn a lot. The workload is pretty light week-to-week: 6 1-hour problem sets spread across the term. You don\'t need to use the textbook that much (it sometimes goes beyond what\'s covered in class) but it is decent to use if you miss a lecture. The vast majority of the grade comes from 2 midterms and a final. Professor Feyrer provides several practice midterms from past years, so the midterms are not that difficult. The final is a bit tougher, but in the same structure as the midterms, so once you get the hang of his True-False-Explain questions, you\'ll be fine. Would recommend taking this course with Feyrer.  Absolutely horrible prof. Hated going to her classes. She makes you sing stupid songs in the middle of her class. You will end up feeling like a kindergartener learning ABCs for the first time. Honestly, she teaches you nothing. In class, all you do is copy her notes down. No explanation or discussion is provided in her classes. She also randomly makes insults towards students. Of course, she might consider them her own little joke, but insulting varsity players to try harder when she absolutely does not care about them is not a simple joke from my perspective. You have to teach yourself struggling to do the problem sets. Those who like her classes are those who just like singing and dancing in general. If you hate singing and dancing to stupid chants, pro tip: don\'t take her class. I consider myself as an Econ major but thought about getting a W rather than having to cope with her class for 3 more weeks. DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS WITH COMIN. Your grade is almost entirely participation based. If you\'re shy, this class is NOT for you. Because participation is such a big part of your grade everyone always has their hands up trying to ask a question or make a comment. People would say anything for the sake of just talking in class. Most of the questions asked were directly answered in the textbook. Comin tallies up how many times people talk per class in determining participation grade, so people valued quantity over quality in their class participation. Comin definitely had favorites in class. It didn\'t matter if you had your hand held for the longest time of if you\'re normally very reserved and finally mustered up the courage to raise your hand. If you were one of his favorite students, he would call on you when you had your hand up. It was very annoying to see the same people getting called on over and over. The class only has one midterm and one final take home case study paper, but those didn\'t matter in comparison to participation. You go through a lot of case studies in the class. He would specifically look for certain things to be mentioned during the discussion. If he called on you and you didn\'t answer what he was looking for he\'d just move on to the next person. I really don\'t think you gain as much out of learning macroeconomics with Comin as you could have with any other professor. Comin is a nice guy and knows his stuff but I had mixed feelings about the way it\'s taught. Your grade is mostly participation, there\'s 1 midterm that is super easy and you just need to skim the textbook readings so that you have something smart to say in class. To get a good grade all you need to do is prepare for the case studies (that are interesting) and talk in class. Because the class is so chill, I came out not learning much. Also the heavy weightage on participation incentivized people to talk for the sake of talking, decreasing the quality of in-class discussion. He is rarely available for office hours either. If you want an easy Econ 22 class, Comin is the way to go. If you want to really learn something, take it with somebody else, like Rose. Don\'t take this class with Comin. There\'s very little work because only one midterm, but 40% of the grade is participation and he told us in class the midterm grade doesn\'t really matter. We learned very little because every single person in the class would have their hands raised at all times, most of the time asking questions that were directly written or answered in the textbook. He also grades participation on a B median curve, which doesn\'t make any sense in an econ class because everybody is super competitive. He also doesn\'t care about quality of comment, just quantity. Only good part of the class was the cases . Comin was the best professor I\'ve had so far at Dartmouth. Really great guy, who not only cares about students but makes class interesting. Your grade is mostly based on class participation though, so you have to speak up. Comin is a great guy and a great prof. He gives good lectures. Only thing: his class is entirely discussion-based, so if you\'re shy/not willing to speak up you\'ll have a hard time in this class. Otherwise, an easy and chill class with only one midterm and a take-home case study as your final.  Feyrer gives interesting lectures. He is engaging and easy to follow. The class doesn\'t require a lot of work. There are homework assignment due once a week and can sometimes take a long time to do, but overall the workload is pretty light. The only things that you are graded on in this class are homework (for completion), two midterms, and the final - so the assessments are worth soooo much of your grade and they\'re also very hard. So this class isn\'t that much work, but you need to study really hard to do well and it\'s easy to get a bad grade. Very interesting class though. It\'s a prereq so when you take it do it with Feyrer. Amazing professor. More work than the other professors, but definitely worth it. She makes learning the material so easy. Her tests are extremely straight forward and based on the work done in class. She makes up cute little songs you wouldn\'t think would help but they stick with you and she\'s so helpful! If you take this class, take it with her! Professor Rose was one of my favorite Profs at Dartmouth. She was incredibly engaging throughout lectures and would break for productivity moments each class so that we could refocus. She would come up with unique chants to help us remember crucial formulas, and although they were a little weird at first, they actually helped! Workload: More work than most other profs, but it\'s worth it. There are readings for each topic that you have to do, but they aren\'t that long. If you pay attention in class, you don\'t really need to read the textbook. She gives students all the past midterms to study from, so the exams are pretty straight forward. About 80% of your grade is exams (2 midterms and a final). Prof. Ulusoy tends to go pretty fast but he is a decent lecturer and is super nice outside class. I missed his office hours once and emailed him the night before the final, and he still replied and was very helpful. His tests weren\'t incredibly easy but definitely fair and I personally think he was a fair grader as well. The material gets pretty dry at times but it\'s not that awful. Take it with Ulusoy! Although the lectures can be a bit boring, but there is close to zero work! There was only 4 problem sets in the whole term, and each problem set had like 3 questions, so we only had like 12 problems to do the whole term. You\'ll do very well in the class if you score well on the two midterms and the final. Overall, Econ 22 had very little work, was fairly easy, but not super interesting. While our professor, Fahri Ulusoy, is a good lecturer and explainer, his lectures had frustratingly little interactivity. He hardly ever asked us questions, nor even if we had questions. He never had us solve problems in class, (as in do a worksheet). Ulusoy also could have given us more homework assignments. We only had 4 problem sets out of the Mankiw textbook (a great textbook by the way) worth of practice the whole term, so each one was worth about 5% of the grade. I accidentally forgot to turn in one problem set and was afraid my grade would be ruined, but Ulusoy was very nice about giving me credit. In fact, I took five photos of the homework with my phone and Ulusoy was kind enough to print out each individual photo and staple them together and give me full credit. I appreciate that. There were two midterms and a final. The first midterm was super easy. As a result Ulusoy made the second midterm and final somewhat tricky. He also graded the free response a little to subjectively in a few cases. For example, he would ask for three important differences between CPI and GDP deflator and if you listed three that weren\'t what he considered the most important, you would only get partial credit. Everything was fairly double. I simply read over my notes, occasionally read parts of the Mankiw textbook, and did the practice exams that Ulusoy posted on Canvas and was able to score pretty decently. Lastly in Fall 2016 when I took ECON 22, it was offered as a 1.5 hour 10A block, so even though the material wasn\'t uninteresting, I began to see it as so after passively being lectured at for an hour and a half. I also couldn’t help but get distracted by the cute freshmen girls that seem to be present in every introductory econ and math class at Dartmouth. Course: It\'s Macro Econ, people told me it\'s the most boring but the easiest of econ courses. imo, it\'s NOT boring and it is easier than econ 20 (ofc). It\'s a lot of concepts and you have to memorize those concepts... like any other class. it\'s a manageable course. Medium difficulty Professor: I really like Feyrer :) His lectures are really fast/confusing in class so I just run through my notes/book in my dorm. He grades fairly. He\'s helpful during office hours (has a lot of them). Well, he tries to be helpful. Sometimes I still didn\'t understand the material. His tests were not too bad. They were in class, 1 hour. He said his final should take only about 1.5 hours. Workload: It\'s a medium-difficult course. His problem assignments were doable. They did not suck up your time. Study for his tests!! that\'s 90% of your grade :) He\'s a good professor, always has a happy attitude with his coffee mug Course: Interesting and well-paced. Professor: Prof. Feyrer is very energetic and engaging. Take this class with him. Workload: Not a lot of work. Graded on effort. You can skip one problem set. A lot of past exams for practice. Course: I did not care for this class. I didn\'t find it very interesting at all, but maybe that\'s just me. I discovered while taking this course that I am not an econ person. I just found the models we studied to be illogical and far-fetched (and usually inaccurate). Professor: Prof. Feyrer is very passionate about his subject. However, he isn\'t very good at explaining concepts to people (like me) who don\'t automatically understand the material. His lectures also move super fast. If you blink, you might miss a slide of his powerpoint. (Fortunately, he posts his ppt on Canvas, which was great because I found the book to be no help.) I feel like he didn\'t put very much time into writing his exams; in my opinion, the wording of questions was often unclear. He is also not generous with partial credit on exams. Workload: 6 problem sets. Technically there was textbook reading, but I didn\'t do it because I thought the book was not very useful (I read, like, the first 5 chapters); instead, I read over Prof. Feyrer\'s powerpoints, which were pretty self-explanatory. 2 non-cumulative midterms and a final on all the material from the term. Although I found this class hard and unenjoyable, I did not think that the workload was unreasonable. Course: Solid course, good material. Basic econ course with your graphs and basic equations - pretty light as far as depth goes. midterms very straightforward, and if you study you will do well. Professor: Awesome prof! I really loved feyrer. I thought he was an interesting and organized lecturer that always brought it back to real life. he was also really helpful. DEFINITELY take this with feyrer. Workload: One pset a week and you could skip 1 or 2 depending on how many you did; they were graded based on whether you finished and not how you did, which was awesome. I read the book occasionally, studied heavily from notes/powerpoint slides that he provides, and he gives you TONS of old midterms and finals to study from. Course: The course itself is pretty good, but it can be a bit boring at times. I enjoyed it because I could actually use what I learn and apply it to everyday news articles. Professor: His exams were pretty straightforward, but at the same the medians were not too high. He definitley tries to make it interesting, but he\'s still finding his stride as a teacher. I liked him, but he did read off his slides. So the great thing during reviewing was that everything you needed to know was on the slides, but it wasn\'t always the most engaging. Workload: The workload was manageable. Course: The course was very interesting and useful. We learned about relevant things--monetary policy, inflation and so on. Fair amount of work though. Professor: Rose is an engaging lecturer, she keeps you paying attention. She\'s helpful out of class, fair grader. Workload: It was a pretty decent workload. Had to read a bunch of articles outside of class, two midterms, 6 problem sets and a final. Everything was graded fairly. Overall, decent amount of work but interesting and worth it.