There were two midterms and a final debate and paper about an assigned topic. Reading for each class helped students learn content. Very fair. examinations were fair, appreciated having practice tests. fair grading, heavily weighted on tests. fair overall. good methods of evaluation and a fair workload. I liked the way there was a final debate and paper instead of an exam. homework assignments, 2 exams and a debate/paper. It was very fair and I liked the grading. more assessments would be helpful. tests were fair, debate was engaging but could have used more instruction. two midterms, and final debate/paper. workload is appropriate. Problem sets as well.-workload was reasonable -having two tests felt reasonable, but I think having three that would all be lower-stakes (say, each one being 20-25% rather than 30-40%) would be better -the debate was engaging and a nice way to end the class. 2 exams, final paper/debate. 2 midterms, 1 debate + 3 page paper, optional hw assignments. Good methods of evaluation. The final debate\'s objective and methods were quite unclear though. Great. Two midterms, debate, debate paper. I thought the methods of assessment were quite fair, but I would have liked to do more group projects or papers earlier on in the term. Professor Fischel/s methods of evaluation were very effective and fast. Tests reinforced concepts. Debate and paper were pointless and did not help my understanding. Tests were reasonable, but I feel like the homework should have counted for an actual grade as opposed to basically participation points. The expected workload was very fair and supplemented in class learning well. The homework was helpful, tests were fair, and the final debate was a very good exercise in team collaboration. The methods of evaluation (two midterms and a project) felt fair but I wish we had more going into our grade than just that. The two exams reflected the material in class. The final debate encouraged me to do my own research and also collaborate with other students in class, which was a great experience. I also enjoyed the final paper, which allowed me to learn more about the current state of the economy and practice my writing skills. There was a mix of exams, papers, and presenations. They were fair. They were fair. Two exams and a final debate + paper. Two tests, one paper, and a debate. exams were fair and good in terms of the material tested. good balance especially liked having 2 midterms and then a debate/paper for our final. there were two tests and one debate/research paper.  it was a manageable course load. would get rid of paper. The class is just lecture. The class was 99% lecture. The class was entirely lecture, with Q&A sessions the day before each midterm. In the last week, there were three groups of student-led debates. all lecture, but Prof Fischel was good about answering questions when they arose. it would be useful to have student group discussions. Lecture. mostly lecture. mostly lecture but not an issue. mostly lecture, some discussion. n/a. no complaints. only lecture; less effective than a mix of lecture and discussion. All lecture with many opportunities to ask questions during lecture. Could be more discussion as the class was mostly lecture based. I wish there was more q and a within the professor and the class. It was a good mix. It was all lecture. It was fine. Lecture with the opportunity to ask questions. Lectures. Mix was fine. Mostly lecture, but very open to questions. Good balance. Mostly lecture, x-hour review sessions before midterms (go over practice midterm), final debate project. The class was only lecture, barely any discussion but we could ask questions. The course was predominately lecture. I think that this style worked very well for the material. I liked that students were encouraged to ask questions, which made the lectures very lively at some points. I think that some discussion could be incorporated into the course but I also think that the final debate was a great way to get students more actively discussing the material we had learned. There was no mix--it was all lecture, which got boring. I found some days that I was receiving so much info, and all in the same format, that I\'d get saturated and overwhelmed only halfway through the class. It was hard to stay engaged after that. This class was lecture based (open for questions) with the last portion of class debate-based. While the class was predominantly lecture, I think that that is the best way to teach the material. Therefore, the structure was very effective. entirely lecture, no discussion but can interrupt to ask questions. it was a lecture class, but he was very good about answering questions. Lecture. mostly lecture but always had the opportunity to ask questions and get further explanations. It helped me understand what econ really is! So glad for the NRO because I could purely take this class out of interest, though it is not in my field of study whatsoever. It made me interested for the first time in economics, which is a subject I always feared. It made me recognize how intertwined economics is with my other areas of study. It made me realize If I just try hard enough I can understand econ. Really enjoyed it! Won\'t be an Econ major, but I\'m very glad to have learned about economics and feel more confident in that area. allowed me to think more about the world and US\' economy. inspired me to try econ 1. it was needed for a prerequisite, but personally i dont think it should be necessary for my major. learned things i would not have learned otherwise, good opportunity to understand econ w/o being someone who wants to take econ courses. n/a. neither hurt nor helped my academic experience. positively! I feel prepared to enter the work force. unclear right now. Helped introduce me to Econ. I am glad I took this class because I now have a better basic understanding of econ that can help me in future classes. I do not plan to take more econ classes in the econ department, but I thought this was a great class. I am glad I took this course but don\'t think I will pursue economics any further. I didn\'t think that I would like econ but I enjoyed this class much more than I expected. Prof. Fischel did a great job at making the material interesting and applicable to real-world events. I learned about econ and now will not take another econ class ever. I realized I am not interested in Econ. I took this class as a distributive requirement and was dreading it. I went in with an open mind though and ended up learning a lot that is applicable not only to my major, but to my life outside of Dartmouth. Good class and passionate professor. I will take more economics couses in the future. Congratualtions on retirement Professor Fischel! It did not. It made me interested in economics but I don\'t think I\'ll take another class. It set me up well to take ENVS 55, Ecological Economics, in the future. It also gave me a basic understanding of economics which will help me be a good student and citizen of the world. It was a fun course to take for interest! It was eye-opening to see current events from an econ perspective. It was my first econ course and enriched my intellectual curiosity. It was very positive for me. This class gave me the background knowledge and language necessary for discussing the economic activity of the world, as well as personal financial matters. It was a wonderful introductory course and gave me a strong foundation in the key concepts of micro and macroeconomics. This course greatly enhanced my understanding of various economic concepts which will greatly contribute to my future career. This course has no doubt prepared me to be a more thoughtful student and a better citizen. Although I don\'t anticipate taking more economics courses, I know that the material I have learned can influence the way that I approach my future courses at Dartmouth. Very helpful in understanding all economic fundamentals for a major prereq but I learned so much about the real world and how the economy works, definitely good life knowledge interest. This class was the layup of all layups, and I still honestly can\'t believe that it happened. We only had 2 papers, max 2 pages/650 words each. That\'s it. That\'s actually it. Sure there were some readings from the textbook aka Blanchflower\'s book (available free via Dartmouth library by the way!), but most of class was a discussion and overall pretty chill. Blanchflower\'s a pretty nice dude, but not the most organized with everything, with no Canvas page or real plan for the class aside from trying to explain what the heck goes on in the economy I guess. If you\'re looking for a layup in an intense term, this is the one (with Blanchflower, particularly). This course is an absolute shit-show. Sure, it\'s a layup, but also a complete waste of time. If you\'re looking for a mind-numbing class with no work, this might be the one for you. If you, on the other hand, are actually curious about economics and want to be academically stimulated, this is not your layup. Blanchflower is an incredibly renown economist and probably a nice guy. None of that matters when you\'re trying to learn the basics of economics. Blanchflower is also a complete narcissist and incapable of leading productive classroom discussion. The syllabus was a full page of links to his own articles and news appearances. There was no structure, no textbook. The assignments were last minute and had no prompt or instruction. Yes, they were short, but they also taught us nothing and you never had any idea what he expected. The only — and this not an exaggeration — course materials were his own book, and a few randomly chosen OpEds, also authored by him. Sometimes, to spice it up, he would bring in emails he wrote in response to fan mail. This conversational teaching style may be appropriate for an upper-level econ course, but not for an introduction where we are all trying to learn the basics of economics. He framed the class as a loose discussion of the global economic state but the problem is that in a class like econ 2, no one understands any basic economic principals so the class was collectively confused during most of each class session. Also, he often interrupted himself mid-sentence, repeated stories (and even repeated entire lessons). Honestly, I worry he is a bit senile. Lastly, Blanchflower is not capable of listening to students. On many occasions, he told the class he had never heard a student say something he didn\'t already know. If he called on you, he usually interrupted you a few words in in order to finish your point himself. Every question was leading, and had only one right answer. He made more than one student leave class because he made an inappropriate comment and was too busy listening to himself talk to realize he wasn\'t doing his job as a teacher. He also singled out certain students arbitrarily the first week and never left them alone, while completely ignoring the rest of the class. I\'ll just add that I made a great friend in this class, sharing the misery, so hey, that\'s a positive. The trick is to go to class and listen to the guy.The exams are taken from what he says in class .Little to no work outside of class.Good class though. Same experience as a lot of the other reviewers. Paying attention in class and taking notes will get you pretty far. I didn\'t find it necessary to do any work outside of class (besides the homework) and I had a really solid understanding of the material. Prof. Fischel is a really nice guy but will put half the class to sleep during lecture. Would highly recommend finding a way to make sure you stay awake during class because the notes and class material are often identical to the exams. Definitely a layup! Ridiculously light workload. Lectures could sometimes be boring but Prof. Fischel is a nice guy, does his best to help students. Recommend if searching for layup/easy intro to econ. Course: This is a great layup class to take. Material is kind of interesting, plus it lets you know what everyone else who does econ is talking about. But most of all its really easy. Professor: Fischel was really knowledgable and helpful on assignments and review sessions. Lectures were pretty straight forward, nothing too special there, and he is a little bit awkward, but I felt that I learned a lot of interesting stull Workload: There was essentially no work for this class. Econ for non-majors- captures it perfectly. This is a great class to just get a basic understanding of what the difference between the Treasury and Federal Reserve is. If you go to class and actually listen and take notes it will be super easy and very stress free. If you don\'t go to class it might be a little difficult. Fischel is very nice and a fun guy to have lecture you. He wears cute outfits and his examples make a lot of sense. Not life- changing but good basic info and easy 3rd class. For someone who never took an econ class before in high school or college, I feel like this was a perfect intro class. It covers some micro and then a lot of relevant macro topics that everyone should be exposed to, and they are taught at a nice easy level and pace so they are impossible not to understand. Professor Fischel is incredibly nice and a very effective teacher of the material...his graphs are always crystal clear and simplistic, and he always seems to come up with good analogies to help us understand a concept. There is very little math involved in the class, and the exams are easy enough that you can ace them with just a few hours of studying notes from class. Please DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE TEXTBOOK...never once did I really need to open the book, and every single question on each exam came from class lectures. The parts of the book that I read made the concepts more complicated and introduced much much more information than was required to know by the prof. Once I figured that out, the book remained closed with no issue. this class was a joke. i spent no time on this outside of class except for studying. all i have to say is get past exams. he literally gives the exact same questions. find old exams and study from them. dont bother learning anything else. the first exam i didnt do that and did pretty badly but the second exam i just studied from the old exam and did fine. the final was the same way. hes a pretty boring lecturer. but i know some ppl find him funny. my friend and i counted down the minutes. fischel doesnt describe things in the clearest way, but you dont have to put much effort into the class to do ok. this class was a joke. i spent no time on this outside of class except for studying. all i have to say is get past exams. he literally gives the exact same questions. find old exams and study from them. dont bother learning anything else. the first exam i didnt do that and did pretty badly but the second exam i just studied from the old exam and did fine. the final was the same way. hes a pretty boring lecturer. but i know some ppl find him funny. my friend and i counted down the minutes. FIschel is so nice, and he makes all of the concepts so clear. This class just made me feel like I was more able to have intelligent conversations with people and better understand news articles about economics. I was never planning on taking other econ classes, so it was a good overview of economic things you would need to sound intelligent. I loved this class, and it was soooooo easy. Great class! The prof was really good- mindful of the fact that the students were non-majors, so it was paced well and easy to grasp. Lectures are enjoyable and material is interesting. Great general overview of econ. lectures are interesting and entertaining, the material is useful for everyday life, the work isn\'t too hard and there isn\'t much of it.......what more can you ask for? if you\'re a serious econ person don\'t take this class but it\'s absolutely perfect for people like me who are clueless about econ. Prof. Fischel is a very nice man, however, his lectures can be somewhat dull. Classes were entirely lecture based and you definitely need to go to class to succeed on the exams. There are 3 exams, (the higher score of the first 2 is weighted 35%, and the lower score is weighted 25%, and the final is weighted 40%). You need to at least skim the reading in order to understand some of the concepts. I took this class because I thought it would be an easy third class, and I wanted to understand what was going on with the economy. There was hardly any work, however, I ended up getting the worst grade I have ever received during my time at Dartmouth. If you\'re really bad at math, graphs, equations, etc., then you might have trouble with econ. If you want to do well, I think you probably have to do the readings. Pros: very little work Cons: boring classes, tricky tests. Prof. Fischel is a very nice man, however, his lectures can be somewhat dull. Classes were entirely lecture based and you definitely need to go to class to succeed on the exams. There are 3 exams, (the higher score of the first 2 is weighted 35%, and the lower score is weighted 25%, and the final is weighted 40%). You need to at least skim the reading in order to understand some of the concepts. I took this class because I thought it would be an easy third class, and I wanted to understand what was going on with the economy. There was hardly any work, however, I ended up getting the worst grade I have ever received during my time at Dartmouth. If you\'re really bad at math, graphs, equations, etc., then you might have trouble with econ. If you want to do well, I think you probably have to do the readings. Pros: very little work Cons: boring classes, tricky tests. I liked being able to learn the basics of economics - I feel like I learned a lot about a subject I was curious about. The lectures were good - nothing amazing, but fine. Some of the concepts do require a bit of study and thought to really grasp. If you want to learn a bit about an important topic, this is a good course! Very easy class. Not terribly exciting but it is easy. If you study a little bit you can easily get an A.  I took this course because I had never taken an economics course before and I just wanted to see what it was like. Prof Fischel is a good professor who is generally organized, and he knows what he is teaching. He\'s pretty funny sometimes when he makes real-life analogies If you study for the exams, I think it would be easy to get a decent grade It\'s a good survey course I\'d recommend it. I REALLY enjoyed this class. I knew nothing about econ before and figured it would be a good thing to do before I graduated. Fischel was an awesome teacher- he recognized that mostly nonmajors were in the class and explained things at a very basic level. He also made a couple lame jokes each class but they were amusing all the same. The course followed a very logical sequence and now I feel like I understand a lot more about how econ works on a macro level. Grades were just based on the 2 midterms and the final. I definitely recommend going to class because I think it would be hard to understand some of the concepts by just reading someone else\'s notes. The tests were fair for the most part and tested what we talked about in class. The textbook was useless and there was absolutely no need to read it. On some of the quizzes there would be maybe 1 question about a term from the book but reading the book didn\'t even mean you would necessarily remember that term. It\'s unncessary. I definitely recommend it, especially for seniors. Perfect 3rd class or NRO. basically touches on everything in econ briefly - nothing very in depth. prof is nice, kinda chortles to himself and is pretty funny in a grandpa-kind-of-way.  I took the class not knowing anything about economics or theory, and found the class a good introduction to the subject. The prof is pretty laid back, and gives amusing lectures. Homework assignments help with understanding the material, but it would help if there were more of them - he gives maybe 3 assignments throughout the term, which just aren\'t enough to really cement the material. Fine if you want an easy intro to econ but as expected pretty boring.  I would recommend just buying a book about econ to read. I learned a lot more by reading the book than going to lectures, however, he tested us on random, meaningless points he happened to bring up in class, not that those points helped your understanding of the material at all. He also seemed to be using the class as a plug for his very conservative political ideas. On a few occasions he made completely erroneous arguments to support his anti-union/anti-tax/anti-social security stances, and when questioned, had no valid counterargument. Don\'t take it unless you for some reason have to, are conservative, or learn well in really dry lectures. Prof. Fischel explained the material very clearly, and the course was pretty easy. Readings were not necessary. NROing isn\'t even necessary... Two midterms and a cumulative final, three homework assignments. 25% for lower graded midterm, 35% for higher graded midterm, 40% for final. Homework didn\'t count but could raise your grade if you were on the border between grades. Take this class if you want to learn some practical econ stuff, and if you want an easy third class. I would recommend just buying a book about econ to read. I learned a lot more by reading the book than going to lectures, however, he tested us on random, meaningless points he happened to bring up in class, not that those points helped your understanding of the material at all. He also seemed to be using the class as a plug for his very conservative political ideas. On a few occasions he made completely erroneous arguments to support his anti-union/anti-tax/anti-social security stances, and when questioned, had no valid counterargument. Don\'t take it unless you for some reason have to, are conservative, or learn well in really dry lectures. Fine if you want an easy intro to econ but as expected pretty boring.  I REALLY enjoyed this class. I knew nothing about econ before and figured it would be a good thing to do before I graduated. Fischel was an awesome teacher- he recognized that mostly nonmajors were in the class and explained things at a very basic level. He also made a couple lame jokes each class but they were amusing all the same. The course followed a very logical sequence and now I feel like I understand a lot more about how econ works on a macro level. Grades were just based on the 2 midterms and the final. I definitely recommend going to class because I think it would be hard to understand some of the concepts by just reading someone else\'s notes. The tests were fair for the most part and tested what we talked about in class. The textbook was useless and there was absolutely no need to read it. On some of the quizzes there would be maybe 1 question about a term from the book but reading the book didn\'t even mean you would necessarily remember that term. It\'s unncessary. I definitely recommend it, especially for seniors. Perfect 3rd class or NRO. This course was everything I wanted it to be. Not difficult but I found it interesting. I feel more educated now that I can better understand newspaper articles etc. relating to economics. (Fischel blitzes out relevant and current NY times articles as assigned reading 2-3 times a week). Tests are easy and straightforward, exactly what you would expect. Fischel is a great prof. He is a little bit of a boring lecturer but no one can make the 5th graph of the day exciting. The one time I went to office hours I stayed for 15 minutes after asking my questions just talking to him about the field of economics in ways unrelated to the class -- he is an interesting man and he really seemed pleased to carry on a conversation with his student. I think I want to take more econ after dabbling with this class! Prof. Fischel explained the material very clearly, and the course was pretty easy. Readings were not necessary. NROing isn\'t even necessary... Two midterms and a cumulative final, three homework assignments. 25% for lower graded midterm, 35% for higher graded midterm, 40% for final. Homework didn\'t count but could raise your grade if you were on the border between grades. Take this class if you want to learn some practical econ stuff, and if you want an easy third class.