The tests were fair and the workload not too bad. The workload varied week by week, but was fair. I think weekly problem sets with less questions would be very helpful, but the current structure also works well. There is participation grade, problem sets, 2 midterms, and a final. The workload is not much class to class, but before the tests there is a lot of studying to do. There were 2 midterms and 1 final exam. There were 5 problem sets. The workload wasn\'t that bad, just keep reading the class notes every night (which I tried to do, unsuccessfully) and you should be set. Just keep asking questions. That\'s how I learned. Don\'t be shy to ask a clarification question during class, or emailing her questions you come across while reading the notes/textbook. Workload was fair and fairly graded. The tests were hard but plenty of time, resources, and study materials were given beforehand. Good. median of tests should be slightly higher- probably around an 80%. loved the problem sets and review questions at start of class. the tests were fair but there wasn\'t enough to practice for them. I appreciated the practice midterms but would have preferred questions from the textbook as well. very fair and manageable. 2 midterms 5 problem sets is all the required work. Really up to you how much time you want to spend, but very challenging content that will take awhile to understand. 2 midterms, 5 problem sets (graded based on completion/effort), and a final. Expected workload was very reasonable, and the examinations fit well with the course material. Fair, but open to lost points via computational errors. Good variety. I think the workload was fair and the tests were effective in evaluating understanding of the material. I thought the workload was manageable and the right amount for the class. I thought some more practice on multiple choice questions regularly would have been helpful, since they were a substantial portion of the midterm and finals. I thought this was perfect.  The problems sets were well timed to ensure that I knew the content well. I wish we had little quizzes but the midterms were really helpful studying everything we had learned up to that point. Methods and evaluation was fair; same with workload. Midterms and final exam were fair and adequately assessed material. Problem sets were difficult and not always well explained. Tests sometimes seemed like she was thing to trick us. The methods of evaluation were appropriate for this class. As some of these concepts are complicated and take time to process, the problem sets being graded on effort was really helpful. The tests were pretty fair, they were the exact same as the practice tests she gave. There are two midterms and then a final. The best way to prepare for the the exams are to complete all of the practice tests given out by Professor Schaner, review the problem sets, and go over the class powerpoint. Tough class but good. Very manageable. We had 5 problem sets graded for completion, 2 midterms, 1 final exam, and class participation (through clickers). I think these methods of evaluation were very effective. I felt pressure from the class, but did not feel stressed to an extreme amount by the workload. fair amount of problem sets and exams for the entire term. good tests, liked the daily review questions to check understanding. representative of the class on the whole. The all-lecture can be hard to follow and hard to fully understand. The class was entirely lecture, but there were lots of opportunities to ask questions. The class was mostly lecture, but for the material that was being covered this was appropriate. The overall class was great. There is not much room for discussion in this course but the professor made students participate through clicker questions and examples quite a lot which was good. Very well balanced. Good. liked how class was lecture style but very open to questions. mostly lecture based-- which is appropriate in an econ class. practice problems help solidify the material. very good. 80-20 split. All lecture. Good. Good mix. Good mix of the two. Good structure, very easy to ask questions. I thought that the structure of the class was fine, it is hard to make a math-centric class involve a lot of participation but it worked. It was essentially all lecture. Mostly lecture, but always open for questions. Mostly lecture, but likes when people answer questions. The class consisted only of lecture. The class is all lecture with questions asked to the professor. The class is almost exclusively a lecture based class with examples to contextualize the mathematical concepts -- there really isn\'t much room for discussion in a stats class. The class was mostly lecture with a few bits of discussion. A course in this topic does not really need too much discussion based classes. The class was mostly lecture, but that is appropriate for this type of class. The long lectures were sometimes hard to stay awake through but it was not a problem. The over all structure is well organized. The structure of the class was effective in introducing a concept and practicing with a few examples. Some of the derivations could have been explained more clearly or used as a tool to help us understand the concepts, because the derivations felt disconnected or not entirely related sometimes. The structure was perfect.  I think any emphasis on discussion for this type of class would not have been helpful. This was a lecture class, but we were always encouraged to ask questions in class. There were also some interactive moments at times. I thought this was an effective way to structure the class. Good. lecture style, but still interactive which was nice. little discussion, but that is preferred when teaching STEM courses. It let me know that the Economics major is no walk in the park! It made me interested in real life applications of statistics as it relates to economics. It made me think about doing economic research here. It\'s something I will definitely try to pursue. It made my life hard but it was (kind of) worth it in the end. It taught me how to study for economic courses. It was tough but interesting enough. It was very frustrating and turned me off from quantitative classes. Loved this class. Made me realize stats is hard. This course gave me a firm understanding of basic statistics, and encouraged me to go further in the study of econometrics at Dartmouth. confirmed my interest in econ. will continue to econ 20. gave me great skills. i enjoyed the class, even though statistics is not necessarily my favorite subject. one of the better introductory classes in the economics department required for the major. Gave me a great skill set of statistical inference. I don\'t think that I\'ll be taking another statistics/data science class again, not because I had a bad experience in this class, but because I don\'t have an interest in it. I feel like I learned a lot and am now prepared to tackle courses that require the use of statistics. I found out that I really like statistics! I learned to keep up with my course work and that cramming for economics and statistics doesn\'t work. I think this course gave me a good understanding of statistics and, while I will probably not pursue statistics as my primary field of study, this course was enjoyable. I thought the course was interesting, and since it was my first Economics course, it encouraged me to continue taking classes in the department and potentially pursuing a major. The examples that were tied to Economic concepts strengthened my interest in Economics. It gave me a huge love for statistics and I\'m thinking of majoring in it. It honestly made me really question if I was capable of being an Econ Major. It really bummed me out because Stats is not that central to Econ yet it was a very large deterrent from the major. It reinforced my understanding of statistics and has influenced my decision to take Econ 20 next term. Learned a great deal about statistics and the backbone of economic studies. Made me question taking econ 20. Positively. This class has changed the way I think/approach things, making me think a lot about statistics and probability when evaluating situations. At the same time, this class is really challenging and can be a bit of a hassle. It\'s one of those classes you just gotta push through, but you\'ll be a stronger student on the other side. This course gave me a good base of understanding for statistics which should prove to be valuable for economics in the future. This course helped me decide that I want to major in economics. a great introduction to statistics. it was good. positive, helpful for reading and understanding statistics presented in different papers. I found the course to be so very rewarding. It is a lot of work, and it is very easy to get confused, but if you are willing to put in the work, you will do great. Professor Agha might seem cold, but once you get to know her she is very kind and caring. Go to office hours and ask questions as soon as possible if you find yourself confused, even in class. She does a very good job answering questions making sure that no one feels dumb asking questions in class. I definitely recommend taking econ 10 with her! Doyle is a very nice professor and she really cares about what she is teaching. She is the kind of person I would be friends with, but she is not someone I would want to take another class with. If you are a visual learner, you should take this class with someone else. Prof Doyle completely centers her teaching for verbal learners, so I ended up having trouble understanding the material. The actual class is not a lot of work and the problem sets are very short, but the tests can be hard because of how picky the grading is and how vaguely they are worded. The material is also not particularly complicated, so she maintains the B median with some nitpicking. I came into every test feeling very prepared, and I was able to do every question in the problem set, but I lost a lot of points on little things on the actual tests. Super nice and energetic professor, but she doesn\'t do a very good job at connecting ideas / explaining things in her lectures (if you re-read your notes, you will probably be confused because she often leaves diagrams unlabeled / unfinished or just stops writing things down halfway through). The material itself isn\'t hard, but you have to look to outside resources in order to fully understand it for that reason. I read the textbook, watched JB Statistics, met with a tutor around once a week, and made my own study guides. That was enough for me to do well in the class. Great prof, Doyle is super friendly and brought candy to the midterms. Three midterms and you get to drop your lowest grade which was very helpful. Easy final and problem sets were not to be handed in or graded. Overall, a very rewarding class and would highly recommend taking it with her. Not a layup, but not a contested fadeaway either...maybe a floater. The quizzes are mostly pset questions with swapped out numbers, coupled with some trickery to stop every semi-motivated student from getting an A. The difference between the A and B+/A- student imo is reading the textbook (or having prior stats experience) -- Doyle loves testing the grey areas and nitpicky details that weren\'t (explained) in the lecture/psets. The easy route to an A: do the whole pset (duh), skim the textbook sections/examples, and stay for BOTH review sessions. This is a hard class but if you have to take it, do it with Cascio. She\'s engaging and helpful, but she does move through the material super quickly because there is so much of it. Workload is moderate, but it kind of piles up at the end of the term with the research project which makes the last couple weeks hell. The quizzes are really hard, but they force you to learn the material, so that\'s good. Cascio also gives a ton of practice/review material so DO THEM ALL if you want to succeed. Overall, I liked this class a lot more than I thought I would and I think Cascio was a huge part of that. Overall a difficult class unless you\'re particularly good at statistics. Even if you took AP Stats in high school this class definitely takes it to the next level. Cascio is friendly but very fast when working through the material. It is easy to get lost in important concepts just because there are so many of them and they definitely build on top of another for the most part. Workload was nothing, just 4 problem sets throughout the term that take a few hours to complete but were graded for accuracy which was annoying, 4 quizzes and you drop the lowest grade, 1 final project that includes a group presentation and paper, and a final. This is a tough class. If you already took AP stats, then you will do well and set a strong curve. If you did not take AP Stats, take Gov 10. To prepare for the tests, take all of Shaner\'s practice exams, and you will do well. If you just understand the material, you will bomb the first test, and then have to work hard to do well on the next two. Not the easiest of classes, but definitely doable. The class goes really fast and the prof goes really fast as well, so work hard to keep up and never slack off. Otherwise, the prof isn\'t bad, but she\'s a bit awkward. Course: This course was a step up from high school level math. The topics were challenging, but the layout and organization of the course was fairly straightforward. Professor: Professor Schaner was great at engaging the students through clicker questions, surveys, and general class engagement. Her office hours were always helpful, as she used an online spreadsheet to sign up for a specific slot. I felt that she exceeded her mandate to try to help her students. Workload: The workload consisted of five problem sets spread out over the entire term. The problem sets were graded on effort. However, class attendance was mandatory and part of the grade, and a lot of extra preparation was needed to do well on the midterms, which were challenging and not curved. Course: I have to say it\'s a decent class though stats is inherently boring. Very solid preparation for econ 20 in future. More difficult than I expected. Professor: Helpful and accessible professor. Willing to spend time to walk you through concepts Workload: Not a lot of mandatory work.But you need to spend a bit more time to really grasp concepts well. Lectures were fine, not terribly inspiring, but generally got the point across. Some of them were a bit too fast. Occasionally, he made some mistakes in lecture. He also told us CLT was terribly difficult to prove and he didn\'t know the math---after that, I sort of doubted his expertise.... But this is econ 10, you don\'t need specialty in stats to teach this, and Lewis knew the stuff he was supposed to teach, so it was all good. Lewis is a really nice and considerate person, and gave helpful advice in office hours. Homework very helpful. Lewis posts past quizzes & exams. GREAT resource. Studying these is a must to do well. Overall fine class. After tutoring a bunch of Giummo\'s students this term, I fully believe Lewis is the better prof. While its true that most kids have to take some sort of 10, I\'d probably recommend taking one in a different major. I haven\'t heard of one kid yet who has had a good Econ 10 experience. Professor Lewis flies through the material really quickly so its important to pay attention and on top of things because its really hard to catch up if you don\'t get the basics down. The professor isn\'t bad and he tries, but I don\'t think his lectures were that effective in conveying the material. He is available for help during office hours (which I strongly recommend taking advantage of) and for scheduled appointments. The book we read wasn\'t of much use either. The grades in the class come from 4 quizzes, a midterm, final, and problem sets. The quizzes and tests are open book, but it doesn\'t help as much as you think it would. They are broken up into long problems and multiple choice/true and false. The long problems aren\'t too bad and straight forward, but the short answer can be really tricky and really want you to understand the details really closely. Professor Lewis also tries his best to trick you. The problem sets are just based off the class work and are graded only for completion. I suggest doing them so that you understand the material for the quizzes and tests. Also its important to know that grades in this class are distributed based on percentage quota, meaning a certain percent of the class will get an A, B+, B, etc. Ethan Lewis has an uncanny ability to make the simplest concepts sound more difficult than they need to be. What\'s helpful though is that he posts his powerpoint slides on blackboard, which made it very easy for me to teach myself most of the materials on my own or through my study sessions. However, if you go into office hours, he will cater to your individual needs and doesn\'t sound like a textbook when he does so. All in all, the class wasn\'t too bad, the workload was manageable, and I highly recommend you sign up for a study session, if not for help, then to check over problem sets with other students. depending on how you look at it, this class isnt all bad. professor guimmo is a good guy and tries hard, but the material is very dry and the stuff he does in class is very basic compared to the exams. the point is you dont have to go class, ever. there are no pop quizzes and he posts everything on blackboard. the problem sets are impossible, even with office hours and/or the textbook. both are worthless. the only way to learn this class is to teach yourself. thankfully, guimmo posts ALL of the old midterms and finals from the past decade or so on blackboard, along with pretty good solutions. USE THEM. there is almost no variation between problems. search the old exams for problems similar to problem set questions, because youll find identical questions. when it comes time to study for exams, just do as many of the old exams as you can. there will literally not be a single question on the exam you dont know how to to when youre finished. it is an easy A if you put in the relatively short amount of work come exam time. More of the same. Professor Giummo is a nice guy - but an awful teacher. Not from a lack of effort though. I think he\'s trying, hopefully the course will get better next term. Going to class is...not helpful. But very amusing. He makes things more bearable when he obsesses over the color of the chalk and cracks bad jokes. Also, try to get down the example problems that he does do. There is no question he complicates the material. I wish I had realized this sooner and read the textbook. We had problem sets, two midterms, a final, and the term project. My best advice for exams is to do AS MANY of the old exams as possible - problems tend to look very similar. Most likely, if you take Econ 10, it\'s because you have to. But if you can, try to take a different stat class. Econ 10 is not going to be that much fun no matter who you take it with. If you have the choice, take it with anyone but Giummo, but if you don\'t have a choice, you can definitely get through it: -pay attention when Giummo is doing example problems in class (that way you have a couple examples in your notes for when you\'re doing problem sets) -paying attention is pretty optional the rest of the time. -laugh at his jokes instead of getting annoyed that he\'s wasting class time, it will make it more fun. The class is really painful to be in. The material is not that difficult but it seems it when Giummo presents it. I wish I had spent more time reading the book instead of trying to understand lectures. I think Giummo is trying but really doesn\'t understand how to effectively teach the topics, hopefully he will get better. Giummo is a great guy but not such a good prof. I didn\'t really learn anything from his lectures. This is basically just a standard stats class with an econ spin. if you\'re good at math, this class will be a breeze. Don\'t take this unless you have no other choice. Statistics is not going to be an amazingly fun class regardless of what professor you get, but Professor Lewis was energetic and kept the class more interesting than other statistics professors. He wrote all of his notes out instead of using powerpoint so that the class could follow along at a reasonable pace. He genuinely cared about his students and often extended his office hours way past what they were scheduled so that he could answer all the students\' questions. He went a little fast at the end, but always made sure to include good examples to help the class learn how to do use what he taught. As long as you attend most of the classes and/or read his notes, it\'s not very difficult to get a good grade. His quizzes\' true/false questions are a bit tricky, but he\'s a very lenient grader on the open ended. He\'ll find reasons to give you points on questions that you do completely wrong because he\'s not the kind of professor to screw your grade over. So if you have to take this for your econ major or to fulfill your qds distrib, definitely take it with Lewis. The workload for this course was certainly manageable, although the bulk of the grade for the term was concentrated in the second half of the course (in the last 2.5 weeks, we had two problem sets, two quizzes, and the final exam). The grade comprised the final exam (a whopping 40%), a midterm exam (20%), four quizzes (25%, or 6.25% per), four problem sets (10%, or 2.5% per), and participation (5%). Also, the last two quizzes and the final exam were substantially more difficult (and time-consuming) than the practice quizzes and practice final that Prof. Lewis had given us. Professor Lewis is definitely enthusiastic when he teaches, especially given the generally dry nature of the discipline of statistics, but he often either goes through information too quickly or goes over a topic in snippets over several class sessions so that it becomes difficult to synthesize/summarize the material for that topic. He is generally a quick grader. Problem sets can be EXTREMELY time-consuming, so plan to spend at least around 5 hours on each. Don\'t rely too much on your notes during quizzes and tests; make sure to review your notes adequately the night before and to do sufficient practice problems.  you need to make connections between ideas presented in the course because prof.lewis sometimes doesn\'t do it for you. Professor Lewis is a really nice guy, but I don\'t know how I feel about him as a professor. His lectures get a bit confusing at times, however the problem sets are really effective in learning the material. Overall, the class was kind of boring. Consider taking a different class for the prereq.