I liked the format and guidance given for the midterm and final, but I thought the final paper was too lengthy and independent. I think I would have benefitted more from more frequent shorter papers. I think the testing method was awesome as it forced us to prepare and understand the material we were taught, but with proper preparation it remained very manageable to get a good grade, which unfortunately cannot be said for all classes. Pretty satisfied. The tests seemed fair and the paper was an interesting project.  I might have added a few more assignments to replace some of the participation grade, but overall it seemed well done. The work load, tests, and papers are all reasonable. This course used a mix of participation, a midterm, a final, and a end of term paper to evaluate our understanding. Tests were manageable but required firm knowledge of key concepts.• The single paper was lengthy and intensive, but an enjoyable experience and Prof. Clark worked with students extensively throughout. 2 midterms, 1 final paper. Exams were great and forced me to think about the material in a productive way. I really think years from now I\'ll still remember most of what I learned in this class and be able to apply it. I think having the research paper and the final so close in time to one another was difficult given the finals work I had for other classes as well. So maybe just spacing that out a bit more, even by a day, could help. Exams allowed for a really focused understanding and study of the content. The paper was long, but the free choice of topic made it engaging Papers and test. Workload was constant and manageable until the last week, with the 15-page paper. Tests are very fair. As mentioned above, I think Prof. Clark found a great balance between leading the discussion and allowing it to develop organically. Discussion was very useful, but it could be more regularly preceded by lecture or broken up by lectures in order to keep the ideas straight. Pretty satisfied. The class was entirely discussion based and that allowed everybody to participate and learn from each other. The mixture between the two was great considering the material of the course.  I might have appreciated a bit more lecture, but that\'s it. There is a good mix between lecture and discussion. • The mix was ideal and fluid between lecture and discussion. N/A. The structure of the class was great. I was really worried I wouldn\'t find discussion classes at Dartmouth, and I feel very lucky to have taken this class. mostly discussion. Good mix, should maintain more discussion. Mostly discussions, as it should be based on the materials covered. Great balance. It rarely seemed as if the professor was lecturing, but rather participating in the discussion. Very well set up. I know that political philosophy is something I now want to pursue. It influenced it for sure. It makes me wary of taking more courses with a heavy reading load, but also makes me want to seek out more discussion based classes. It started it off on a fantastic note. This course strengthen my interest in pursuing more government and philosophy courses at Dartmouth. This was one of my favorite courses to take at Dartmouth as it challenged me to think about a complicated text while remaining interesting throughout the entire term. • Positively. This was my favorite course of my freshman fall. Professor Clark was extremely welcoming, the class discussions were really interesting, and I can say with confidence that this course really made me excited for the next four years. Was a great intellectual class. great class about an interesting topic. This has been my favorite course i have taken to date. Was a great addition to my pursued studies. Contributed greatly to my academic experience. It did nothing for any of my distributives or my major. The intellectual engagement was enough. I did not think that these types of classes would be interesting to me a year ago. But now, after taking this class, I am motivated to explore more classes outside my comfort zone. Professor Henry Clark truly made a large impact on how I will plan out the rest of my studies while I am here. He is the best professor I have had so far by an astronomical margin.