Two midterms each worth 25% of grade. one final worth 50%. This form of evaluation is absolutely ridiculous and unacceptable. If a student is having a bad day and happens to perform poorly on a single exam then that\'s the difference between an A and a C in the class. The professor most definitely has to have more graded assessment in order to 1. teach the students the material better and 2. get a more accurate assessment of the students abilities. Although it may benefit some students, as it luckily did for me, it can be the difference between getting a job and not getting a job and completely ruin some student\'s career at Dartmouth, as it did to one of my class mates. This was the worst form of evaluation I have ever experience in my entire school career, since grade school. Absolutely unacceptable. great, i LOVED the practice tests with the solutions especially, those really help me so much. tests should be earlier, problem sets didn\'t match other assessments. 2 exams, 1 final 2 midterms and a final 2 midterms, 25% and 1 final, 50% 3 tests. Fair. Good overall. I really would have liked graded homework in this class. Having the entire grade rest on tests was tough without feedback before hand. I think both midterms were very fair. I would be nice if the problem sets focused more on topics discussed in class. However, the workload was manageable. Really good balance. Test did not do a good job at reflecting material on course. The professor only counts test scores and homework assignments are just the problem sets. I feel like it would be more helpful if the professor assigns more homework that we are required to do so that we get a better understanding of how to apply the concepts that we learned in class. There were three tests, with the final weighted 50% and the midterms weighted 25% each. That\'s really high-pressure, even with a curve. tests were fair. three practice problems not graded for correctness. two midterms: the first significantly harder than the first. a final. 2 midterms and one final. Bad. Fair amount of work. I think there should have been a few more evaluations besides a 25%-25%-50% midterm-midterm-final exam. Even just weekly problems or something to get people engaged because if there wasn\'t an exam coming up, nobody had any motivation to stay on top of the material. Additionally, the coursework was so backloaded, we didn\'t even have our first midterm until week 7 out of 10. Exams were tough but not unreasonable - honestly a pretty fair level of difficulty in my opinion. It was fair. Methods of evaluation were fair. Personally least successful in classes with only 3 grades, would have appreciated more assignments spread out over more time. The class is composed of 2 midterms and 1 final (50% of the grade). The homework assignments (3) are mandatory but not graded. The grade being determined solely by two midterms and a final was not constructive. Not a good representation of work put in or engagement with the material. The workload is manageable, and three exams determine the grade. The last exam is worth half of the grade, so it requires some significant preparation. Thought that maybe homework’s could’ve counted for a grade. Three tests. exams worth too much. grading based exclusively on tests. The class was all lectures. The class was entirely lecture, which seemed appropriate for the material. alright. Great. slide show would be helpful. All discussion. All lecture but very typical for Dartmouth. Good amount of questions. I think it would be helpful if the Professor was clearer about what material would be tested on, especially given that the textbook was used more so as a supplementary tool, and the focus was so heavily on lecture. I myself didn\'t have much issue with this, but I know others who felt thrown off by what material was explicitly emphasized/focused upon in class and the material the tests focused upon. It\'s a lecture class, but there is always time for questions. Lecture. Lecture heavy. Lots of lecture, but with questions thrown in. That\'s a good structure for this class. Mostly lecture. Obviously much lecturing needs to be done, but it would be helpful if the students were also more engaged by adding more discussion. The class is mainly lecture style. all lecture. lectures were not too engaging. n/a. All lecture. All lecture, do more practice problems and get students involved. As I mentioned earlier, I\'d have appreciated more of an opportunity to work through practice problems together with the group/have a bit more of an interactive in-class experience. Course is all lecture, few questions asked by the professor per class. No discussion. Only ever lecture. Only lecture. Some room for participation but nobody participated because of the hostile classroom environment. Structure was good. The class is entirely lecture. The class is lecture based. exclusively lecture. Lecture. not much discussion. It encouraged me to continue pursuing economics. It was great to learn about economic choices and believe this class has laid ideas that I will be using outside of class. It was my toughest class at Dartmouth to date, and showed me that sometimes your learning style just doesn\'t align with a particular teaching style. Just glad it\'s over and I can go back to the things I actually enjoy about the Econ major. Neither postively nor negatively. Neutral. The course furthered my understanding of microeconomics. This  course has caused some resent for the Economics department in my opinion but everyone in this course is trapped into taking it for the major. This course made me despise certain parts of Dartmouth academia. The structure of this class must be immediately redesigned. great class, very interested in economics. it didn\'t really. Def gonna be an econ major. I found the material to be an interesting addition to my economic tool-set. I\'m relatively new to the field of economics so this course gave me a solid base to work off of. Interesting labs. It helped me better understand how microeconomics works and contributes to my major. It made my sophomore summer! It really made me not want to pursue microeconomics in the future. It was a major requirement. It\'s good stuff to know for my major, and it was interesting a lot of the time. Made me question my major. The course material was very dry but I knew I had to get through it to complete my major. This was one of my worst academic experiences at Dartmouth and sadly my experience is forcing me to reconsider taking more classes in the economics department. enhanced my knowledge. like the math of it. n/a Detracted from it. I don’t think I would recommend this course to other students. Had to take it for the major. Didn\'t contribute to my experience and I doubt I will use anything learned in any other context. I had to get it done for the econ major. I struggled a lot even though I worked hard so that was frustrating but overall I think it’s a good experience to have. It is one part of finishing my modified major, and I hope to continue on with that in the fall term. It was great. Major course. Needed to finish the class for the major, and was neutral in doing so. This class challenged me in ways that reinforced my passion for economics. This was a course I needed to take for them minor, and I got it out of the way. I enjoyed the problem-solving aspect and the challenge of the course, but I\'m not so sure how these microeconomic ideas apply to reality. Nevertheless, it\'s definitely valuable to be able to get to know a framework of thought and be able to work within those parameters. I understand Professor Gustman had a lot to deal with this term, and I think he did a really good job of getting us through the material despite his absences and everything going on. That being said, I believe the course could have been laid out a little bit differently from the beginning, so it could be more effective regardless of the absences/circumstances that may arise. i didnt want to, but i had to take this course. it challenged me wit a really dine balance to excel academically. least favorite class at dartmouth. Prof. Doyle is really nice! This class can be really tricky for people who aren\'t great at math. She gives out a hard bell curve, so if you study you won\'t fail. But it is really hard to get an A. I would highly recommend taking this class with Doyle! You have to attend, but she makes lectures worthwhile. Problem sets are the only material you have to study for the exams, so that can be tough too. This class is definitely a hard class. You are graded on 2 out of 3 mid-terms (you can drop the lowest grade), a final, and a 5-page paper on what we have covered up to around week 6. The mid-terms are given in such short intervals, which makes it feel like you have no time to study so you should definitely stay on top of the course. The mid-terms were pretty hard for me because they are quite different from the problem sets in my opinion. The quizzes had class averages between 82-84 though there are always people who get almost 100s. Professor Doyle does a fair job teaching us the material. She is very friendly and has an approachable personality. However, she could sometimes prolong her explanations on concepts and could sometimes be annoying. Overall, I learned a lot from the class. Prof Doyle is super nice and a great teacher. The problem sets aren\'t graded but are basically just good practice for the quizzes (take 3 drop your lowest). The quizzes are not that difficult but there is a time crunch. Medians are usually in the 80-85 range for quizzes. Your grade is based on the quizzes, final (like the quizzes but longer, and not as bad because there is more time), a pretty easy 5-page group paper, and attendance (taken every class). Doyle does a good job of teaching the material with examples in class and really uses the chalkboard well. The math is not super hard: pretty standard partial derivatives with simple polynomials. Conclusion: If you have to take 21, Doyle is a good choice. Prof Luttmer\'s exams are very difficult and require you to possess a deep economic intuition that goes well beyond the examples that are done in class. Completing the practice quizzes is definitely a good way to prepare, but going to office hours is the only way to truly understand the concepts at the level demanded by the exams. Although Prof Luttmer is not the easiest to approach, if you show that you are putting in effort outside of class, he will be happy to help. Do not take this class with Luttmer. He seems like a fun, approachable, and sweet guy, but he doesn\'t really care about his students individually. He often said very passive aggressive things with a smile on his face, presumably to soften the blow, but it just made it worse. I thought he was just slightly awkward and gave him the benefit of the doubt, but later found out that he was intentionally that way towards some students. The class is also curved down, which made it very difficult to get even an A-. The material itself is fine because it\'s very similar to Econ 1, but Luttmer did not make the experience an enjoyable one. I found this class really interesting. The material is basically just Econ 1 in more depth and with calculus. Luttmer is an engaging lecturer and a funny guy, though he can be a little bit annoying at times with cold-calling. Attendance is mandatory because he gives a verbal pop quiz at the start of the class and you don\'t know if you\'ll be called. 4 Quizzes, the lowest one is dropped, the best is 20% and the other 2 are 15%, the final is 40% and participation and online problem sets are 15%. The class isn\'t really very hard but the curve is ridiculous since you need a 96 to get an A. Overall its easy to do well but you\'ll have to grind if you want an A. Don\'t take with this man. None of what\'s on tests is practiced in class. He curves down. Just no........ Don\'t take this class with Luttmer. Don\'t get me wrong, Luttmer is friendly, energetic, and approachable. He\'s also slightly awkward. The class itself is not at all worth it. You need a 92% to get an A-. Yes, that means a 91% will get you a B+. Moreover, you need a 96% for an A. Considering the final is 40% of your grade, if you miss a chunk of a short answer question, you can\'t mathematically get an A anymore. Luttmer doesn\'t give any practice finals, and makes you pay for MyEconLab, which is utterly useless busy work online. He just goes over practice problems in class, and then expects you to come out of class with an expert intuition of microeconomics. He explains topics in a simplistic way, expecting those inadequate explanations to impart magical economic intuition in our minds, but that\'s definitely not how it works. Perhaps he\'ll try and actually lecture in the future. Take it with someone else. If 20 people hadn\'t dropped my class, I would have needed to drop. This class was the hardest class I have taken at Dartmouth by far. Cannot speak on behalf of other professors, but the stuff we covered in class made me shiver each day. However, Synder is a great guy who is passionate about economics, and he is a great guy to get to know. If you are pretty smart, dedicated to grinding, and comfortable with calculus and statistics, I would go for it. If you don\'t already have a strong economics background and/or don\'t already know most of the material covered in the class then you have little hope of learning it with Gustman. However, if you do have those things then this class will be extremely easy. Do yourself a favor and never open the textbook for the class. Make sure to take notes on everything written on the board and said in class, then try to memorize those notes before the midterms and finals. None of the questions on the exams use the textbook at all, instead, they only come from the material in the notes. The first midterm is extremely difficult, the second one is a bit easier, and the final was very easy. Be extremely careful when answering the multiple-choice questions because they are worth a ridiculous number of points and have an outsize impact on your overall grade. There wasn\'t much work outside of class; the only homework was three problem sets that were graded on completion. Make sure to review the problem sets before the exams. Surprisingly really liked this class. Minimal work most of the time with a few spurts of energy for the midterms and final. The curve is also really generous. Super interesting topics. A bit of math, not too bad. Russell is the MOST organized person you will ever meet. She provides a ton of review material. If you do all of it, you\'ll do well in the class. Tests are tough but fair. She does cold call, but I thought it really helped keep the class engaged and kept us from moving on before people were ready. Overall I learned a lot. It\'s hard work if you want to do well, but not impossible. Econ 21 with Prof Luttmer was wonderful. You read the textbook and take notes outside of class; during class time Luttmer explained more difficult concepts and led practice problems. Each class began with a verbal pop quiz that counted toward participation. Luttmer highly values participation and expected everyone to volunteer to answer at least once per class. There were four quizzes throughout the term on every other Friday that were one part short answer (definitions) and two parts long answer (math problems). The final was the length of two quizzes. Luttmer was friendly, energetic and eager to help anyone who needed it. Make sure you do the reading and show up to class prepared--he can tell if you don\'t and will call you out. Luttmer gives tons of practice quizzes that prepare you very well for the actual quiz--if you know the material on the practice quizzes you\'re pretty much set for the real deal.  The content is somewhat dry because it is all the mathematical/conceptual aspects of micro. you glossed over in ECON 1/AP Micro. without many of the real-world applications. That being said, Prof. Doyle is organized, clear, and very available in terms of office hours. She also very clearly knows her stuff, and is happy to explain it to you, though you should come to office hours with real questions (not just to chat). While neither the course nor the professor were particularly inspiring, reading the textbook, completing the problem sets, and reviewing lecture material were effective both in getting a good grade and understanding the underpinnings of micro. before moving on in the econ track. Grading can be somewhat frustrating because the econ dept. forces a B test median, though you have the chance to pad your grade a bit and have some fun in the paper Prof. Doyle assigns, which allows you to examine any aspect of Dartmouth life with economic reasoning, and which everyone seemed to have a good time with. Overall, the course is about what you\'d expect, but if you put in the time it\'s really not too hard to do well. This class is not for the faint of heart. 100% of your grade is based on 2 midterms (25% each) and a final (50%), which makes it pretty stressful. The spacing of the tests is a bit ridiculous. The first midterm was not until week 6, and the final was 11 days after the second midterm. The first midterm is also VERY difficult. Our median was a 71, and it\'s been even lower in past terms. The problem sets are useless for learning the material, but some of his exam questions come straight from the sets. Still, Gustman is not the worst prof to take 21 with. He is a great lecturer and explains concepts clearly. If you write down everything he says and study your notes, you will do fine. The textbook and workbook aren\'t necessary, but they do help reinforce your understanding of the material. The second midterm and final are MUCH easier than the first midterm. He always curves the median to an 85, so everyone got a 14-point bump on the first midterm since the median was a 71. TLDR: 21 with Gustman is stressful and the first midterm is really hard but if you take good notes and put time into studying, you will be fine. His teaching style is somewhat odd. He first goes over the material on a theoretical level then he applies the material on a practice problem. Sometimes he can skip some steps on his notes, making it fairly necessary to attend class. The B median was painful though. Just read the textbook and do the practice problems, and you\'re guaranteed to do well. Not a bad class at all—just make sure you keep up with the work and really understand her explanations. She offers so many office hours and tons of out-of-class assistance, so take advantage of them if you have anything you\'re not 100% sure about. Basically a recitation of Econ 1. We talked about marginal benefits vs cost, and then perfectly competitive firms, monopolies, etc. I didn\'t find the class interesting but it was definitely very easy if you are somewhat good at math (the class only covers integral and basic algebra). Problem sets due every two weeks but you are not graded for the accuracy, only for turning them in. One midterm and one final, and most of the questions have been covered in the homework. Course: It\'s one of those classes you just have to get through. Professor: Professor Ulusoy isn\'t super organized. He doesn\'t plan in the syllabus when each topic will be covered, so toward the end of the course, he was rushing to try and cover as much material as possible. He\'s still working on his PhD and is new to Dartmouth, so I don\'t think he has a ton of teaching experience. His office hours are kind of sporadic (he usually announces when they will be less than 24 hours before he holds them), but he definitely makes himself available if you can\'t make it. He is pretty helpful in office hours though--he\'s happy to go over anything you didn\'t understand. Workload: Professor Ulusoy assigned a lot of problem sets (there was at least one every week and they were usually pretty long), but they weren\'t graded. Quizzes were easy, but exams were pretty hard. A lot of people, myself included, felt that the multiple choice questions on the exams were very difficult. Course: If you liked Econ 1 you\'ll like 21, but it is a lot more math. Basically it\'s a math class with economic concepts Professor: Ulusoy was literally awful. He was so unorganized and he was working on his Phd so you could tell we were his second priority. Went so slow and then piled on problem sets two days before the final. Awful prof Workload: Decent, assigned 9 problem sets total, 3 quizzes, 2 midterms, and a final. You had something just about every week, but if you enjoy econ then it\'s a good class. Course: Econ 21 with Gustman = ASLDKFJALK;SDFJAKLSD;FJ Professor: He understands the material and explains it perfectly. However, every he does not follow a textbook and does not have notes. There is nothing to correspond with the lecture. Most of the material is really tough, and it is not really possible to understand the material in a single hour. You need time to think and internalize before the material clicks. As a result, this professor\'s very clear and thought-out lecture was useless because the students did not have any way to study and fully internalize the concepts. The lecture is too fast-paced, and he speaks too fast for you to take all the notes you need. He also only holds office hours 3 hours a week, which is not really useful because I am a pretty slow student and need more help than that. Workload: Workload was manageable. The work wasn\'t the issue. It\'s the tests. Your whole grade is based on three tests. The first one was extremely hard (hardest one by far; the second and third were significantly easier). The tests only have like 10-20 questions, so be careful because every question is basically like a huge chunk of your grade. I highly recommend looking at the proofs in the notes, the homework problems, and the practice midterms/final. Many of his test questions come directly from there. Don\'t even open the textbook, and don\'t even register for the online thing (Aplia or something) that he provides. That was a waste of almost 100$. They are UTTERLY useless. Nothing in the lecture or on the tests had anything from the textbook or the online thing. I would know because I have never used the textbook or the online thing, and could do (or at least had the ability to do) every test question. Also, don\'t freak out about the problem sets because they are basically impossible to do and he\'ll go over them in class and give you all the answers. Then just understand how he got those answers and be ready to repeat or do something very similar on the test. Overall, the workload was very little, but make sure you understand all the notes and all the practice tests and homework problems, and you\'re set! Be aware that this is one of those classes that either you do amazing in, or you completely fail and drop out. There are very few people in between. Course: This is not a very interesting course, but you have to take it so just deal with it. Professor: Professor Doyle is great and really makes the material more interesting. She is really rooting for everyone to do well, and is always available outside class. Workload: Not too much work. Homeworks are optional but helpful. There are 3 midterms, but you get to drop one which is awesome. Course: Snyder tries to discuss every topic like it\'s profound. So what is YOUR example on a positive externality? What is YOUR example on a tragedy of the commons type problem? Cold-calling gets really annoying/intimidating also. He doesn\'t lecture almost at all. Professor: Professor is smart but puts on a front by saying he worked on a textbook problem for an hour trying to use the chain rule or something. Sometimes it\'s hard to know whether he knows his sh*t. He doesn\'t have the best reputation of being good during office hours. He can be pretty humble though-- tries to respect students\' opinions. Workload: Do the problem sets I guess. All the exam material is from problem sets or lecture notes. Course: Not many people think this course ranks high interest-wise in the econ department, but it is a necessary course. Professor: Makes the course as interesting as can be. Explains concepts well Workload: Not that much work, just a problem set a week, and 2 midterms and a final. Powerpoint slides are posted online, and those are pretty much all you have to study for the exams. Course: Pretty bland material. It covers everything in Micro, but it is certainly not exciting. Professor: He was a pretty boring lecturer. Just plain white slides and he talked the whole time. I think he may get better, but the material wasn\'t thrilling and he didn\'t help a lot. Workload: Just two midterms, final, and problem sets graded for completion. Very mathy course, overall not bad but I think non-econ majors struggled a lot. Professor Swartzstein is a new teacher and he\'s a pretty uninspiring lecture. He\'s a very nice guy and you can tell that he\'s trying, but most of his lectures are just him reading some dull slides. The tests were pretty fair and I imagine the workload is much like any other 21 class--problem sets, two midterms, final.