12 problem sets (worth 30% of final grade), two midterms during weeks 4 and 8 (each worth 20% of final grade), final exam (worth 30% of grade). Problem sets have a mix of very straightforward and very complex questions, but you are allowed to work in groups/get help from Professor Herron, and there\'s usually plenty of time to do them. Exams are VERY challenging with low, because Herron believes that you should learn something new while taking a test, so the questions will ask you to apply material in ways you hadn\'t considered yet. But the course is fixed at a B+ median, so how you do compared to everyone else is a lot more important than your raw score. Constant problem sets drill in material but also make for a consistent amount of time spent on the class, midterms are short and test very few ideas learned during the time period Made sense, problem sets sometimes were due before we had covered the material necessary for them Tests were challenging but not impossible. Problem sets were not overwhelming. Tests were too difficult and very frustrating. The workload was somewhat heavy and I really wish we could have slowed the class down a bit. The exams were very challenging and didn\'t always seem to assess our understanding of the specific course material -p-sets were sometimes really close in terms of due dates (especially in beginning of class) -a lot of points for some questions on tests -otherwise it was fine 1. Homeworks are good reinforcers of material 2. I wish there were more opportunities to get points/show what we know. Only one Midterm is kind of intimidating! 10 problem sets, 1 midterm, 1 final. 2 exams, homework assignments through the term. I think these were fair and appropriate, although I wish there had been a policy of dropping lowest score or opportunities to get back points Class distribution was good. Obviously one midterm and one final is not ideal but I understand why it\'s the best option. I think in-class exams are better than take homes. I liked only having one midterm. Two would’ve been stressful. A project would have been fun!! Tests and problem sets were normal The course is fast-paced and exams require intense preparation. Weekly problem sets take ~6 hrs each. The exams were fair. The homework questions were relevant and some were quite challenging. I recommend continuing to add one or two original questions to each assignment because I worry that some students are finding answers to questions in violation of the honor code. There are 10 problem sets, one midterm, and a final. I thought this was a reasonable amount (though 9 problem sets wouldn\'t hurt either). I would have appreciated more questions on the exams, with each question being worth less. In the current format, each question is worth 10-30 points. Additionally, I don\'t think partial credit is given that generously on the exams, which can be bad for students who make a mistake early on in a problem and end up losing 10+ points all at once. Two exams and problem sets. Manageable workload. Each exam worth a little bit too much. Two papers and problem sets. Two tests: one midterm and one final worth 30% and 35% of your grade respectively. The 10 problem set grades are combined into the remaining 35% of your grade. This means you really have to do well on the tests because they carry such high stakes. Overall, the problem sets are reasonable. Workload is manageable. The difficultly of the class lies more in the concepts themselves than the volume of work. fine na two midterms and problem sets- good balance Class required a lot of work but was worth it. By putting time into problem sets, exam prep, reading textbook, I got a lot out of the class. Exams were challenging but would definitely prefer challenging exams with a curve to easy exams. Expected workload was difficult but doable. I found the weighted percentages to be very fair, but I also appreciated the Professor\'s emphasis that grades were not everything/completely reflected by our grades on paper. Learning was truly the focus of the class. I thought the tests were extremely challenging, and tended to test things we had just gotten introduced to. I liked the homework--they were hard and took a long time, but they helped me understand a lot. Tests and problem sets were fair. I wish I had been given more direction on how to approach problem sets. Workload, problem sets, exams are all very fair and evaluate how much student has learned and understands from material. about 10 problem sets, two midterms and a final tests were pretty difficult Methods of evaluation in this course were problem sets and two exams. I think that the workload was fair as we always had at least a few days to work on problem sets. Two exams and nine problem sets. Logical and necessary methods of evaluation given the material. I found the exams challenging but very fair. I like the problem sets but I think there should be other means of evaluation other than those and the two tests One problem set per week which takes 1-2 hours and roughly one chapter of reading per week. Two exams. Problem sets about once a week, usually 3-6 questions from the textbook and sometimes a question or two that Herron made up, which had usually already been discussed in class. We submitted psets by either writing out our answers and scanning them into a PDF to upload to Canvas, or typing them into a doc to submit on Canvas. Also a class-length midterm and a 2.5 hour final, both blue-books (the final was take-home during the coronavirus, so he had us upload the final the way we upload psets). Problem sets each week, one midterm, and one final. The problem sets are very doable since you can work in groups and go to office hours. Should be one more test/paper. Perhaps add extra credit of connecting game theory to real world or something like that. Tests were fair but very hard. P-sets helped reinforce the material The tests were fair and the problem sets reinforced my understanding of the course material. Too much emphasis on exams Two exams worth combined 75%, the rest problem sets weekly problem sets and two exams. All lecture, needs more chance for students to practice problem in class and then go over them. It was all lecture with people chiming in, which worked for the type of class. Lecture is engaging - Herron knows the material SO well that sometimes he forgets to fully explain a new concept Mainly lecture, which made sense of the content of the course. Socratic method-- no discussion between students per se; Professor Herron lectures but he asks a lot of questions and has great back-and-forths with students. Lots of example scenarios after explaining the core concept. Plenty of opportunities to ask questions. Well balanced Class was primarily lecture with student participation. Good mix, lots of lecture. Good mix, maybe fewer problem sets. They take forever and are pretty tough. I thought it was nicely structured, I just wish people were encouraged more to speak up when we were lost. It was entirely lecture. That makes sense, there was 40 of us and it\'s a QDS. Lecture where you walked through examples and audience participation was required Mostly lecture, but students can ask questions and answer questions posed by the professor (kind of like a dialogue, back and forth) Structure got the job done. Lectures, but people participated to build / dissect the models. The class is primarily interactive lectures The class is primarily lecture, but discussion and questions were welcome. The class is structured well. I really liked it. could have a bit more structured (maybe meaning less discussion more lecture?) good lecture mixed with class participation through questions/participation. I wish the class moved more slowly through some of the harder material, keeping in mind the gap between the most math proficient and least lecture lecture - very clear na I liked the structure of the class, and I enjoyed how people were willing to speak and ask questions in class Mostly lecture with discussion on critical concepts and lots of question and answer on the math aspect of game theory Perfect mixture, kept me on my toes. Prof Herron asked us many questions as we went through lecture, encouraged class input and participation. Also always open to questions from students. The Professor asked questions frequently; probably averaging out to more than one per minute. This kept the class incredibly engaged and was very effective. This was (rightfully) a lecture class. I thought Professor Herron did a good job of lecturing and asking for input from students. class is all lecture based, i don\'t think discussions would contribute to learning. Lecture framework with the opportunity for discussion at any time. I really appreciated this approach, as it led to a dynamic classroom environment that prioritized student mastery of the material. I would not mess with the classroom structure one bit. The class was lecture-based but Prof Herron did a great job of engaging students by asking lots of questions. Entirely lecture although there are questions for the class to answer Good mix. Doesn\'t have to call on people so often, could do heavier lecture. It was all lecture style, but I felt like the students were involved in working through problems, which made it feel like a mix between lecture and discussion. It was good! Lecture, with participation from the class to solve problems together. Mostly in depth explanations of a chapter or a specific problem or concept, with plenty of room for people to contribute if they wanted to but not much incentive for quiet people to speak up (although I don\'t think he should have cold called either). He sped through the material (aimed for a chapter every 1or 2 classes) because he wanted to discuss the more complex material - we didn\'t get to it in time in class, but he encouraged us to read the final few chapters of the textbook out of class. Mostly lecture, asks questions of the class. No mix Very good engaging lectures that incorporated student questions and ideas. Definitely in my top 3 most challenging and top 3 favorite courses at Dartmouth (and probably the only class where there is major overlap between these two categories). Not sure if I\'ll be able to take another course in game theory, but has me more interested in quantitative courses within social sciences. Changed the way I view many day-to-day interaction scenarios. Made me realize that in hard courses: 1. The professor needs to have better systems of explaining ideas and having students practice 2. Not putting in effort into hard classes catches up with you sometimes. Made me view the world differently -highly recommend even with the heavy work load/hard grading This has been one of the hardest courses I have taken and I believe it will be my worst grade, but I\'m proud of what I learned and the way I worked hard to walk away with more knowledge than I had at the beginning of the course. This course reminded me what learning is really about. It also showed me I am not a math person. This was one of the two most enjoyable classes I have taken at Dartmouth. I enjoyed the material and lectures so I had no reservations applying myself. I really enjoyed the intellectually challenging nature of this game theory course - definitely one of the hardest classes I\'ve taken at Dartmouth, but I really learned a lot about game theory and now I feel I see the world differently too. I really liked this course! Was difficult but super rewarding I think I might want to explore more of the quantitative side of government now. I was a little intimidated by the QSS department to be honest, and now I definitely am. But I will take more classes before I give up. Intellectually stimulating It didn\'t really. It was interesting, but didn\'t change how much I want to take any specific courses. It helped me towards my QSS major. LOVED THIS COURSE. favorite at dartmouth Made me more interested in QSS. This course taught me an analytical framework with which I can approach real-life problems in my career and social interactions. Really useful. This course was extremely challenging, but rewarding. It taught me to think critically/ strategically about the issues I am studying. Very good class that I enjoyed eh i\'m not very good at game theory introduced me to new professor whom I enjoyed, introduced me to new subject matter very interesting, reaffirmed my interest in the gov/social science field na Changed my course at Dartmouth! QSS minor interest now. Fantastic class! I\'ll be looking to take more QSS courses in the future. Game Theory was unquestionably one of my favorite courses at Dartmouth to date, and gave me the opportunity to get a QDS in a course I was truly interested in. I am considering majoring in QSS now It made me question the way we think about decisions in society and the government. One of the best courses I have taken at Dartmouth. Will be reaching out to Prof Herron about similar classes to take in the future interested in taking more game theory classes.  whole new way to think about basically any topic Loved the class. A great piece of my government major (different from a lot of other classes), and the class offered me a fresh perspective. Useful mindset going forward for sure. This was my first QSS course so it was an entirely different way of thinking- it definitely made me interested in taking more of these sorts of classes. I want to take more quantitative courses. I will definitely try and take more courses with Professor Herron. I would love to take more game theory classes if they were offered It greatly increased my perspective on the world and challenged me to think differently. I constantly found myself applying the concepts I learned in class to the outside world. N/A Overall is an interesting, new way to think about how people interact. Positively This class helped change my study habits and reasoning skills. This class made me more likely to continue the QSS major. Very interesting class that had very real-life application.",
                    "Layuplist": "This class is so much fun. Herron is great at making the class really engaging and really loves the material. The problem sets are sometimes trickier than expected so you have to make this class a priority and start them early or they will really bite you later. This class is very mathy - be prepared for that  Herron\'s a great teacher and loves the subject material. However, his exams were much harder than anyone was expecting, and had some subtleties which weren\'t exactly explicitly covered in the book or the assigned problems. The key to a good grade in this class is basically practicing with the problems -- a lot Herron\'s great and the material\'s pretty interesting to think about, though I was left somewhat unsatisfied by the real-world tie-ins. I think I\'d see more payoff with higher level game theory work, which is to be expected I guess. The exam questions came as surprises though, as they called for critical and creative thinking, which is good, but particularly with the midterm I don\'t feel we were prepared to do that kind of thinking by the homework. A lot of the homework was very cut-and-dry, and then the midterm demanded us to do work that left me thinking I don\'t even know how to write that down. That being said, he is very understanding with the work you show and as long as you explain it you\'ll get credit As Herron said himself, this is one of those classes where if you took the exam on day 1, you\'d score zero (which just goes to say how much you learn in this class). The material covered is really neat stuff, and Herron is great at simplifying difficult concepts. Govt 18 is challenging, but don\'t let that put you off from taking this class because you definitely get a lot out of it Excellent course and and excellent teacher. The material was really fascinating, and well taught. More importantly, the entire thing was a lot of fun. I know it\'s a tough decision on whether or not to take a class that doesn\'t really go into any major, but it is well worth it  Professor Herron is very nice, although at times has an appearance of being disorganized. In the end though, it didn\'t really matter, because he was very good at teaching what he needed to be teaching. He\'s also a very nice and approachable person. The class is very, very interesting, and not difficult, with very little work. I recommend taking this class even if it\'s not for a distrib or for a major requirement Game Theory is unlike your typical Government course in that it\'s very analytical and mathematical. You go over some interesting concepts, but applicability is a bit limited - for instance, a lot of the concepts you go over are predicated on defined utility values, but barely any time was spent addressing how to ascertain those utilities. Also, while other classes that have game theory readings focus on the policy applications rather than the theoretical basis, this class is the opposite - you\'ll spend the whole class figuring out why players act in a certain way with Prof. Herron making a 30-second aside to the real-life application. The problem sets can get very confusing, mainly because Prof. Herron and the textbook only teach you so much, and then expect you to do the more advanced problems. This led to frequent hurdles for the homework groups, especially those lacking smart students (and those willing to frequently go to office hours). Fortunately, though, the tests never throw any curveballs, so if you understand the homework, a lot of the test problems are doable. Prof. Herron gives you old tests and answer keys to work off of, making things go much easier for you. If you\'re a Government or Economics major with solid mathematical skills (but not necessarily a math course load), then this class would suit you well Game theory really is a pretty interesting subject, and Prof. Herron certainly does inspire interest in the subject; unfortunately, he also (as he reminds us often) doesn\'t care much about grading... or grades for that matter. As such, class lectures will often go off on interesting tangents that are unfortunately highly irrelevant to the graded problem sets and midterm/final exams. As such, while the class was overall pretty interesting, you\'re on your own for the graded material This is a great course for any Govt major that just needs an easy A. About one hour a week is all you need in order to understand the material perfectly. Homework assingments can take up some time though. Exams usually have a median of 60-70, but he curves them so it\'s easy for people to get good grades