Again the midterm was too short/meaningless, the homework problem sets were too short and undervalued and the final project was ill-defined Again, I would have preferred the homework to be weighted more significantly. Exams, problem sets, and research paper/project Heavily weighted on exams and the research paper. I do think the tests and papers were both compelling and challenging. I believe they are effective. I found the midterm and final to be very difficult. A lot harder questions than assigned for homework or shows in class. The workload of the homework was fine. The final project was fine. Midterm and Final, Group project with individual write-up. Workload is extremely manageable Midterm, final, project, and problem sets. Light workload. Professor gives conflicting guidelines and expectations. The practice problem sets were very effective and should be continued, and maybe count toward more of the grade. Don\'t miss/get behind on psets because they\'re free points and it keeps you from falling behind. Form a study group, it will really help when prepping for exams. Workload feels a hair too heavy, especially because the problem sets can feel like busy work, but nothing too over the top or unnecessary. Pay attention in class. Exams, problem sets, project. Good distribution Fair Final was hard Gov 10 isn\'t really that government focused. I loved the balance between homework, pop quizzes, and the group project. We were able to use the material in a number of ways that seemed applicable to \'real life.\' I think that the workload was fair however I don\'t think that the pop quizzes were an effective way to judge student progress or understanding. I thought it was good that we had a lot of tests, homework assignments and group projects so that we had many opportunities to be graded. It was very fair breakdown of scores. Methods of evaluation were fair. Pop quizzes were pretty brutal though. One midterm and one final. Six homework assignments. One group project. 7 pop quizzes. PLEASE READ 1)I saw some merit in pop quizzes, but I think they are worth too much. Frankly, the pop quizzes made many students super stressed, and not in a good way. I like the idea of pop quizzes — it forces you to review. But perhaps only make it 5% or 10% of the grade. Otherwise, it stresses people out! 2)Exams were fair and well designed — I love that they sticked to the lecture notes and did not test the reading. This is a stats/research design class not a literature class Homework — were was one HW that I thought was extremely challenging (I believe it was HW 4 or HW 5; the one were many students requested an extension on Piazza). Also, I think the TA Professor Horiuchi had a midterm exam, a final exam, a research paper, pop quizes, and homeworks to evaluate the class. Professor Horiuchi expected that the students of the class would try hard, and was very willing to help confused students. The workload in this course was not too heavy, as you were just required to review the lecture notes each night for pop quizes, and do the weakly homework assignments. The research paper was a lot of work, but it was also a very fun project. Students are graded on seven pop quizzes, five homework assignments, a midterm, a final exam, and a group project Group project is not too much work provided your group divides up work equitably Professor asks a lot of questions on midterm and final (following the law of large numbers, he says) The methods of evaluation were very fair and the variety allowed students to show their strengths in different areas. We had weekly homework assignments, pop quizzes, a midterm, a final, and a group project/paper. good balance of everything - quizzes, group project, weekly homeworks, tests great variation in assessments and great that we can drop them if you studied for quizzes you did well which i loved the group project was SO helpful it really helped me to understand everything he was fair with evaluation midterm was difficult pop quizzes, exams, and homework assignments were fair and reinforced class material. Perhaps the professor could monitor a bit more the level of participation from each student in the group project. tests quizes homework were all affective the first midterm was way too memorization heavy the homework was defintiely challenging, but i am glad he assigned it becasue if i didnt understand a certain concept then the homework demonstrated that and forced me to go over class notes or meet with horiuchi to better learn the topic. Although the material covered and workload was demanding and challenging, it was also fair. None of what was given to us was beyond the scope of our abilities nor wildly more difficult than homework covered previous to examination. As I said before, I think modeling the class after real life situations is a smart move, and I do think that the tests do not usually mimic any real-life situation. Homeworks are often involving problems in a vacuum, which make it not only harder to really dive into but also to feel invested in. Challenging exams. Projects need to be emphasized sooner for the worth given in grade Could have been better distributed but the assignments occurred frequently enough that they made sure I was consistently on top of my work. Really liked that no single assignment could determine your whole grade - it made the class a lot less stressful. Exams were weighted too low Exams, homework, pre-class assignments, final project Good mix of everything. I felt the midterm/final adequately covered what we learned in class. I liked how our group project was term long - it helped us get to know each other/trust each other by the end of the term which helped when it came to really finish our survey/poster project. I liked the problem sets and group work problems. The mid-term and final were nothing unexpected. The project was difficult especially because we are in groups with people we did not pick. I thought the midterm was a very fair test that covered only what we learned in class and through the readings. Although the problem sets helped reinforce the topics well, fewer questions on each would help with the workload. I wish there would have been more assignments to reinforce the material that we learned. The HWs and IPAs worked well to keep me up to date with the content. The evaluations were fair and there was a diverse array of evaluation mediums (hmk, tests, project, peer evaluation, etc). The workload was challenging but not too overwhelming. We had homework assignments, brief open-book quizzes via Canvas before each class, and two exams (mid term and final). I would advise students to stay on top of the readings, homework assignments, etc because the class moves pretty quickly. There were many assessments over individual sections of work, a mid-term and final exam, and a large research project. I found the IPAs to be a little premature to be examining key course concepts. Too much emphasis on problem sets and group work, all else solid We had 2 exams and homework assignments several times a week. We also had a large group project. This class had a heavy workload but was not overwhelming if you focused. Workload was a lot more than I originally anticipated for a Govt 10 class. Nyhan is one of the harder profs in it but you learn a lot more from him. could definitely be better -Good open note exams; fair . 2 exams, close to daily 10-20 question assignments, and occasional STATA labs (almost none in the second half). Fair tests and quizzes. Group project was fun. Great. I think the canvas quizzes and exams were very affective given the material of the course I thought this was all reasonable N/a The methods of evaluation were good. The workload was reasonable. The midterm and final were very fair in addition to homework assignments. The mix of assessments was good- group exercises, homework, midterm and final, etc. the tests were hard because of time there were too many multiple choice questions on all the homework assignments and majority of the exams - Wide range which was good - Tests didnt reflect lessons super strongly 1 midterm, 1 final, and a group project/research experiment.  daily problem sets that are fairly demanding and time consuming. A good mix of everything A lot of work. But helped me really learn the material, feel like that will help me in the future. A midterm, a final, and a research paper. The final paper was a lot of work, but really fun to put together. Graded problem sets and a project and papers Homework assignments due after every class, one midterm, one final, one big group project. I like the methods used I liked it It was good, but the group project was unfair in that some students had to do more work for the same grade. One big midterm, one big group project, final + daily homework. Fair workload although the final was very difficult. Problem sets were good but exams didn’t have enough questions Seemed adequate. Tests and papers were fair for the majority, but I personally felt that the final was much harder and felt mislead by the study material. The exams seemed unrelated to the homework and lectures, which were relatively straightforward. The workload was overall pretty manageable and the midterm and final were fair evaluations. There are problem sets assigned for virtually every class. At times, this was overwhelming, especially toward the beginning of the term. Sometimes the length of problem sets, I felt, was unnecessary, but the frequency of sets overall was helpful to reinforce understanding of the material. They were great. Very intense workload, assessments were fair exams and research paper the homework did not always connect with the material on the test 1 midterm and 1 final; Canvas MC homework and group work All exams were fair. All were reasonable. Grading was fair, and understandable. Final grade reflected my performance. Homework, group work, 2 tests I think the tests did not actually test on the information we had been given in the course. I thought his grading was fair. However, midterms and the final were hard because a lot of questions were given with not enough time. The homework quizzes were a helpful check in to make sure I knew what was going on and I liked that the tests were open-note because I knew I had to understand the concepts but didn\'t need to memorize formulas. The methods of evaluation were fair, and the workload was very manageable. They were very manageable, except for the fact that STATA questions on tests were somewhat confusing and not enough time was given to do those questions nightly canvas hw\'s, two group stata projects, a take-home midterm, and a take-home final testsI thought it had a nice balance I thought the class was structured well. Discussion in the beginning, lecture, and if time permitted, questions. I thought the structure was beneficial It was all lecture, which was fine because of the type of class, but more interesting lectures would be helpful and more engaging. It was all lecture. Lecture Lecture-heavy Lectures and hw review with exams mixed in Lectures were not engaging at all. Most students were always on their computers doing other things. Little to no discussiom Lots of group work which I didn\'t like. By half way through the term, I was basically doing 100% of my group\'s work which didn\'t really seem fair. The classes were mainly lecture based while problem sets and group assignments were to be completed outside of class. There was room for questions, which was helpful for those who were unsure of what was being discussed. more lecture All lecture It is entirely lecture based. It was all lecture. That\'s fine for an intro mathematical course. Wish the lecture itself was better, but there was ample time for questions and so on. It would be nice if we could have some problems in class to work on instead of all lecture Lectures could be more stimulating. He asked for a lot of participation though. Mostly lecture but very disengaging. Sometimes I would raise my hand to ask or answer questions and he would look extremely uncomfortable and mutter about how we were going to just move on. Not helpful. The class was almost purely lecture with a few questions posed by the professor. The lectures primarily consisted of reading the slide presentation The structure was fine, it was almost all lecture but that is to be expected. There was a good mix of lecture and discussion. fine. no discussion at all All lecture. Makes sense. I liked the course, a little less lecture would be nice I think there could/should be more discussion It was mostly lecture, and I think concepts would\'ve made more sense if we did small group work or had small group discussions in class. Little discussion N/A Perfect mix The class was almost entirely lecture. The class was strictly lecture-based, although Prof. Bafumi would occasionally ask students questions. The entire class was pretty much lecture. Sometimes we could participate by raising our hands and answering the questions There should be more discussion all lecture no discussion unless it was within group work basically all lecture, as expected more discussion would be great - lecture with a lot of opportunities to participate All lecture All lecture w/ lots of Q&A Good Good balance Gov 10 isn\'t really that government focused. Great balance. Great. The portions of class we spent answering questions was very helpful. Heavy on the lecture side I also thought this was perfect. I liked that the professor quizzed us on central concepts in class and asked if we had questions before covering new material I really appreciated the time spent at the beginning of class answering homework/final project questions I thought it was perfect It was a lecture class, as it should have been.  Herron\'s style certainly worked. It was mainly lectured. It was mostly lecture but he made it engaging an always asked students to participate. It was mostly lecture with in-class questions for students. Lecture class. Lecture was very engaging and incorporated lots of questions to the students. Mix between lecture and discussion was great. Most of the class was lecture because it had to be. No discussion, lectures could be more interesting Solid mixture. Structure was great. It was all lecture, but the lecture was open to questions and became more of a discussion because professor asked the class questions and tried to learn people\'s names and integrate them into the examples. Very effective The class was organized to favor lecturing which was good for this material The mix of lecture and discussion was solid. The structure of this class was good. It was mostly lecture based with professor Herron offering time for questions at the beginning or end of class during every lesson. The use of lecture and engagement by students was well done. There could have been more discussion This class was lecture-based, but we were always given adequate time to ask questions about homework, course material, or any other general questions. again, good lecturer, but i didn\'t like it when he would ask us questions to answer, i would rather he explained the answer to us fine liked that Herron would take questions during class but lecture was sometimes unorganized because of this need more lecture on the content rather than reliance on self study. Need to explain concepts, especially R very good Good mix, just not enough time to cover discussion as much as we\'d like. I enjoyed the mix between lecture and discussion because it was mostly a lecture class with the professor calling on students every once in a while. It ensured that we were following along and understood the material. I enjoyed the relaxed nature of this lecture class. Although it was very heavily lecture based, I felt more comfortable to speak up when I did not understand a concept. I loved the mixture. It was basically a constant mix between lecture and discussion. I loved Herrons teaching style, it seemed very effective. It was mostly lecture with discussion at times but Prof made sure to answer all of our questions/concerns. Mostly lecture, but very open to questions and collaboration. The class was a participatory lecture format. Students were regularly called on and could ask questions, but it was not discussion-based at any point. The class was almost entirely lecture. The classes were engaging but more time should have been spent teaching concepts, rather than R. The lectures were great This class was mostly lecture, for practical reasons. I do not like how much of our grade is determined by the group project. . Felt the time allotted to group work was too short, felt very rushed Good mix by the end Good structure; could explain a little more, but works to keep everyone engaged and make sure we had a chance to try the math in class when he can help. Half of class spent on lectures half on group work I did not like the structure of the class because everything was rushed. We could never fall behind schedule of the class, and it was hard to ask questions because I still feel I didn\'t understand with his quick responses. However, in office hours he throughly went over the material. I loved the structure, I thought the classroom itself was an awesome experience and I found there to be a good balance between lecture and discussion. It was a great mix! It was a mix between lecture and group work. It was about a 60/40 split between lecture and group work. It\'s a mix of lecture and group work  — problems you complete with your table mates (same people for the whole term). I loved the group work, because you get help from other students and you get more practice and also talking through and explaining things when you\'re helping can assist you in better understanding the material. More group work and less lecturing Mostly lecture with added group work No discussion. All lecture, and group work. Group Work was a complete and utter waste of time. Structure was effective but I would have preferred to seen the material in lecture before reading it for hw The class has a heavy emphasis on groupwork, which can be great or awful depending on the members of the group. The lectures helped to understand the readings and the group set up really helped with clearing up any further questions. The structure of the class was very good. One suggestion would be slightly more interactive time in class, but the mix overall was engaging. There was a mix of lecture and group work Very good balance a mix of lectures and group work good job! (already wrote this for another question) I think the structure of the class was part of the reason people weren’t understanding what was going on. I think it would have made more sense to explain in the very first class after the midterm about all the different types of data -> different tests and then spend a week on each one. we weren’t given a “road map” which made it extremely difficult to follow along. Excellent. Good Good mix of learning from lectures and real life application Great- lectures! Lectures with ample opportunities for questions. Only lecture Almost entirely lecture based class that could easily be briefly interrupted with a clarifying question Enjoyed the lecture style. Good Good mix of lecture and student initiated questions Heavy on lecture, but I appreciated that the instructor was very open to questions or clarifications at any point during lecture I thought that there was more lecture to the course, but that was necessary for proper instruction. Mostly lecture, since it is a math-based class, but did allow plenty of room for questions and comments. Mostly lectures, group presentations as a culminating experience a Mostly lectures. Other than the group projects, the class was all lecture which I think is most effective for Gov 10. Perfect mixture and great lectures We could have slightly more time for discussion to apply what we learn, but I do understand that the lectures took a significant amount of time. good structure only lecture and very boring -mostly lecture, but such is a pre-req information-packed class -nonetheless, professor engaged students well with questions and examples All lecture. As i stated above, I think that the class depended too heavily on lectures and I would have preferred some form of discussion as well. Class is mostly lecture, but professor regularly solicits class input I thought the class was a good mixture of lecture and class participation. Students were constantly participating and able to ask questions. It was fine. We could always ask questions. It was mostly lecture based, as it was a large class size. Lecture based. Lecture, lecture, lecture is great. Office hours is a good place for discussion. Sometimes, there would be more content in one lecture than the other, which felt a bit overwhelming those days. The class was basically all lecture, which was appropriate for a stats class. The class was lecture styled but students asked enough questions that it also felt like a discussion at times, and I enjoyed this balance. There was a lot of lecturing but that is to be expected because of the nature of the course. This class was entirely lecture based, but the lectures were broken up by examples that Professor Horiuchi would provide. This made the class more interesting and was an extremely effective structure for the class. all lecture, but the class was interactive dsgsdag it was mostly lecture with voluntary answering of questions. The class could benefit from a little more discussion mostly lecture perfect the mix was ok wish there were discussions, but understand the load of material needed to cover Awesome mix- students participated and professor provided engaging lecture. Good Good mixture, maybe less group work at the end of every class (or have it count less in the end) I liked it. I though the mix was good, but felt like there wasn\'t enough time for us to cover the day\'s lesson almost everyday. I thought there was a nice balance between lecture and group work. I also really enjoyed working in a group, and felt we were able to learn off each other well. It was a great mix between lecture and group work - it forced us to do problems in class enhancing our learning. Lecture was good. Not really a discussion class. Mix between lecture and groupwork More in class practice Overall, I thought it was a good balance. Sometimes I thought concepts weren\'t explained fully, but I did like doing group works all of the time. Perhaps my most well balanced class that I have taken so far here at the college. The course was a nice blend of lecture and group work. Typically the first half of the class was a lecture which solidified the information presented in the textbook, and the second half of the class consisted of group work that helped us practice those concepts in the lecture. I really liked this format and thought it was effective. The mix between lecture and class work worked well, and should be continued. The mix between lecture and group work is not very well balanced. Often the group work time was severely truncated, and that contributed to our rushed and often incorrect responses. The professor intended for more discussion, but the course was largely lecture based. This class was lecture and group work, and the balance was normally pretty good. as good as it could be but not particularly great...learned the most doing the problem sets and reading through material on my own  -Good . All lecture, as can be expected. All lecture, but that is to be expected with this type of material I think. Great. Mostly lecture, more discussion would have been nice. N/a Pretty good. mostly lecture but made sense for a stats clas. The class was mostly lecture which is helpful for understanding concepts but a little more time for questiosn would be helpful The structure of the class was fine. There was an ok mix but there could be more experience it was mostly lecture which wasn\'t bad there was little discussion and I wish the class lent itself to more student-asked questions All lecture All lecture. Almost all lecture but well organized Almost entirely lecture, but the students are very involved. For a straight-up lecture, he had plenty of time to answer questions from students. If you\'re willing to ask, you will have an opportunity to have your question answered. Good balance Good mix Good mix - lecture and explaining but always time for us to ask questions I would have liked more small-group discussion weaved into lectures. Lectures and a lot of discussions Mostly lecture, but he asks a lot of questions to keep you engaged No need for discussion beyond asking questions during lecture. Perfect mix for this kind of course. Professor Herron should spend less time eliciting answers from students who don\'t often participate. The class is mostly lecture-based, but the professor created an environment that encouraged students to ask questions and be engaged with the material. The mix between lecture and discussion was nice all lecture but very very interactive. it was a mix lecture very well managed class Could use more student input in class, though this may be more difficult to accomplish. Good I think it was too much lecture. TI would say it gave me more insight into data analysis within my own areas of interest, namely, political science. It did not influence me in any way. It was a prerequisite. I learned a bit about statistics and feel more comfortable undertaking survey-based research, but ultimately it did not have a large impact on my experience here. Learned useful statistical techniques that will certainly help me in any scientific field, whether it be hard sciences or social sciences. Stimulated an interest in statistics. This did not impact much of my academic experience. This was notoriously one of the hardest required classes for the Gov major, and committing and doing well in this class was an extreme boost in my confidence. it is a prereq for my major knocked out a requirement postiviely. really necessary material and glad i took it; wish I had taken it sooner. By far the worst experience I have had so far. I\'m pretty shocked Bafumi is working at such a prestigious (and expensive) institution. Good base of knowledge developed I learned a lot and was able to meet ne people that helped me I now dislike stats and probably will not pursue epidemiology ever. Interested in taking more government classes that are discussion based It definitely helped in my Environmental Studies class and it allowed me to be able to understand what statistics I am looking at and be able to describe them. It did not It didn\'t. It gave me a better understanding of statistics It just helped me finish a pre-med requisite. Learned that statistics is probably not my calling Made me consider a gov major Positively helped After taking this course, I now plan to take at least one more class on political campaigning with data analysis. I don\'t want to do any more statistics, even though I could if I wanted to I learned a valuable skill. I would like to have learned more Indifferent about the course—didn\'t strongly like or dislike It showed me the importance of quantitative statistical knowledge to any major at Dartmouth. It was a subject I developed an interest in but could not fully explore it because I didn\'t have a professor who made it exciting. If it weren\'t for completing a requirement for my major, I would have felt like I completely wasted a term. It will be helpful to have this knowledge while reading academic papers in the future This class was helpful for understanding the context of government research in statistics. This course has been the one I have been dreading since knowing my major. The amount that GOV 10s vary in difficulty and effectiveness is ridiculous for an institution like Dartmouth and one of our best departments. The inability of the professor to teach is embarrassing and should be critically reviewed. Thank you for your time. i found statistics interesting, will probably pursue a QSS minor, but not necessarily bc of this class. this course was terrible Brought my GPA down, but made me work hard I thought the course was challenging not in the material but in the way it was taught, and because of that I feel as though I didn\'t learn as much as I could\'ve. I will continue my major in government but now I will add Mathematical Data Science. I want to learn more about Data. IT gave me some understanding, although I don\'t think it prepared me for Econ 20. It didn\'t. It enriched my experience N/A The class made me interested in taking some more government classes. it had no effect made me give up on stats and comp sci. no time left to try it positively - I wish I would have taken this class sooner. I would have minored in QSS. I am doing research with knowledge from this class Did not enjoy at all Gained interest in stats. Gave me a lot of confidence moving forward. Really enjoyed the material. Gov 10 isn\'t really that government focused. Helpful Huge influence on my major. I am much more interested in statistics and feel more confident going into professors\' office hours to ask questions. I am thinking of majoring in gov. After taking this class with R, I want to take another class using R in the Gov/QSS department. I may take more stats classes soon. I personally was not a fan of this course I really loved the professor, and it made me more confident in my ability to take classes that involve math at Dartmouth. I also love that he offered recommendations for classes to take in the future. I thought stats would be a boring requirement, but he taught it well and I learned a lot I took this course as a major requirement. I do not usually take math courses, but I did enjoy learning something outside my comfort zone. I will certainly use some of what I learned in this class in the future. I want to do more coding now I will take more stats courses I\'m now considering taking more statistics/computer science courses. It continued me on my path towards a govt major It introduced me to stats and how to use the software program R. It made me more comfortable with taking math-related classes at Dartmouth. It made me sure I wanted to be a Government Major. I really liked statistics after this course! The prof was very engaged. It made me want to minor in QSS and reaffirmed my commitment to major in government It reinforced basic concepts and introduced new ones. It very much strengthened my plan to major in Quantitative Social Sciences. It was a challenge but taught me to use resources such as tutoring and study groups. It was my first math-related class here, and it was a good class for a math-degenerate like me to ease back into math in a not-so-terrifying way. I may take more R-related or stats related classes in the future. It was the best course I have taken so far, and because of it I am now considering changing my major and taking more classes like this and hopefully with this professor. Great class Potential major course Professor Herron really inspired me to make the most of my classes at Dartmouth in terms of academic enrichment and I\'m very grateful that I took his class. While it did not end as well as I had hoped, it still was a good learning experience. While this class was very competitive due to the forced grade distributions and requirement for First Year Fellows, I learned a lot and will apply the concepts we covered to my daily life. didnt like it i never liked stats, but this class wasn\'t too bad. hopefully it prepared me decently for econ 20 taught me everything Helped fulfill my major/ distribution requiements. I entered GOVT 10 with the thought that this class was necessary evil for all government majors or minors. But after taking this class I am now much more open and eager to apply statistics and data visualization to other fields of study. I learned a lot about statistics which will be useful in other academic fields hopefully. I might continue with stats. was a good intro class. I really enjoyed this class and now plan to take more statistics classes in the future. It has convinced me to take more QSS classes in the future. It has now changed my major and made me become a better student It was a more group oriented learning environment, which doesn\'t always happen in STEM classes. I really enjoyed this. Made the studying/learning process easier and more enjoyable, and I made great friendships. It was positive and benefited my understanding of statistics. The class refreshed me of the statistics I took in high school. I am now fluent in the program R. This class, particularly the professor, instilled a passion for QSS I did not know I had, and I may now have plans to modify my current major with QSS. This is definitely one of the best courses I have taken at Dartmouth. Prof. Herron is excellent! This was a great course and if I had taken it earlier in my dartmouth career I might have taken more QSS classes or Gov classes however at this point I don\'t think it affected my plans for my major much I did enjoy the course though. . Although this course was very difficult to me, I did learn valuable information on analyzing data and surveys. I now understand how researchers conduct studies, and the flaws they may make as a researcher. I am now more cautious of studies I read. Eh it probably won\'t be that influential but it was nice to do math again! I came in very interested in the government department and left with a similar interest. I really enjoyed this class and learned a lot.  Professor Nyhan is a great teacher and made statistics interesting and relevant. I regret not taking stats earlier, professor Nyhan made it a super entertaining class where I feel I finally learned some real life skills that I\'ll definitely be applying in future internships. etc. I\'m never going to take a course that has a large group work or peer review component ever again. I\'m now very likely to major in Government It helped me learn statistics and will help me continue in my major It taught me about statistical concepts that come up in readings for other gov classes but that I was previously unfamiliar with. It was my favorite class that I have taken to date, Professor Nyhan was an awesome guy. Made me more confident in my quantitative skills Never taking math again, thank God. Overall interesting-I think quantitative political analysis is an interesting way of understanding social sciences This course did not enhance my experiece This course made me sign up for the next level stats class and really furthered my interest in the subject. This was an interesting class, but it ultimately proved to me that I do not want any further involvement in statistical work or QDS classes. Was fantastic! Wish I had taken it sooner -- need to work on the reputation of stats courses in general, students aren\'t excited about them, but they are great. very useful Glad I took it Good I certainly wouldn\'t have taken a statistics course if I didn\'t need it for graduation, but after taking this course I do feel as though I have a somewhat sound knowledge of basic statistics and believe that is very useful, moving forward in my studies. I feel more confident pursuing gds based research It didn\'t really. I hate stats so was just trying to get through it. It was really important to learn these things! The concepts will be relevant to my job next year in program evaluation. Limited influence. Tremendously enjoyed this course; planning on taking more quantitative methods courses at Dartmouth as a result.  I will be more weary of surveys, experiments, and hypotheses. As a government major, I am glad I took this course and will hopefully take a more advanced statistics course later. Best Class that I have taken so far! Good I very much enjoyed this class, and I really enjoy having a better understanding of statistical distributions I will want to learn more about statistics. It helped me get one step closer to my major. It was good to build my statistical foundation. Learning statistics was something that I really needed to do at Dartmouth, so I was grateful to learn more about that. Made me much more interested in gov as a major and statistics. Provided me with the quantitative groundwork I needed for the rest of my classes. This course gave me the means and language for determining the strength of statistical relationships which will be a valuable skill for my time at Dartmouth and beyond. i really didnt enjoy this class and thought it was painful to sit through class. the project was the only fun thing and i felt totally unprepared to do a good project. it was interesting and will help for later government courses. -continued interest in QSS Am strongly considering taking another class to advance my knowledge in statistics. As a government major, this course was important because it helped me learn about the methods of statistics. These skills will be important for me when working with studies and research design. Course positively influenced my academic experience. I learned a lot, and I enjoyed Professor Horiuchi\'s style of teaching. Greater interest in government, statistics, and QSS. Helped delve into the quantitative side of government practice I learned how to statistically analyze data I learned that mathematics and statistics are not my areas of interest however I do enjoy the more policy oriented side of Government. I want to take more classes in stats In a way, I’m happy the government department/econ/almost every social science department requires this course, as statistics is invaluable. However, I really hope that Professor Horiuchi edits and reviews his Lecture Notes and introduces each concept transaparently. It has made me realize I don\'t want t be a QSS major. It reinforced my desire to be a gov major and encouraged an interest in statistics It satisfied a major requirement Solidified my decision to be a QSS major This course further made me interested in possibly majoring in government. I really enjoyed this course and find it to be very interesting. This course inspired me to double major in Government and QSS; I\'m grateful to Professor Horiuchi for a great term. This has made me more seriously consider majoring (or at least minoring) in Government. deeper understanding of empirical studies when reading research papers i am now able to understand an academic paper that has a regression table i wish i had taken it sooner during my time at dartmouth!!! it is a good thing to have basic knowledge in sgsa Good course, but it did teach me that Dartmouth students don\'t necessarily work harder in group projects than your average high schooler. Good in prepping me for research Helped me understand there is more than just figures posted in academic research. I am glad that I don\'t have to take another math class. I do think that this course did help me understand polling/ survey information better. I felt I really learned a lot from this class. I love math and thinking like this, which made me think of it again. I will continue my gov major It really opened my eyes on how to interpret data. Reinforced my decision to major in government The course was challenging and the material was not something that I was super interested in, but was a good course that taught me how to struggle through challenging material. This class had a really great influence on my Dartmouth experience and has definitely made me consider taking more QSS classes and made me more excited about the future of my Government major. This class was really helpful in helping me read social science papers or any kind of academic study that involves statistics. Being more statistically literate helps in pretty much any aspect of academia, so I think this class made my education more well-rounded and informed, besides just improving my experience as a Government major. This course has given me a lot of knowledge that I will be able to bring into other courses throughout my Dartmouth career. This course introduced me to the government department and showed me that it’s ok to struggle. This has given me a FAR greater appreciation both for data analysis itself as well as its practicality in the modern world. This course has also left me wanting to take another class with Professor Nyhan. Thank you! This was one of the hardest courses I\'ve taken so far, not just the material but in nearly every aspect. While I\'m frustrated that it consumed most of my time for very disappointing results, I do recognize that that is a lesson unto itself. I will try to put this experience behind me and focus on future government classes here at Dartmouth. good to know the material . Great. I am considering taking more statistics courses because it was an interesting course. I learned a lot of important skills. I learned statistics for my major I will continue with the major In a positive way- learned a lot, without unreasonable expectations. Definitely more of a \'thinking\' class than grinding out hours. It was enjoyable and taught me important statistical methods. Learned! Made me more interested in statistics. N/a completed my major very little intellectually but it fulfilled a major and distributive requirement Considering a QSS path now because of Herron. I absolutely loved this class and it has made me consider pursuing more classes in the QSS department. I can look at studies better I enjoyed it I felt it was important to my learning. I thoroughly enjoyed this class and the prof I was thinking about minoring or majoring in QSS and this really solidified my desire to do so. Increased my interest in statistics. It taught me the value of statistics and math in everyday life. It will go toward my minor in Government. Made me enjoy math Neutral This was the type of class I expected Dartmouth to have. The prof was super professional, engaging, humorous, learned everyone\'s names, and genuinely cared about his students. invaluable experience. it made me happy to be a gov major it was ok made me study harder professor Herron did a wonderful job of connecting statistics to the world and its fit within our education which i thought was very helpful For distribs I am happy that I now know about statistics, but do not intend on pursuing it much further I learned more about statistics. I think I found this course to kind of be a necessary evil. It had no effect postive or negative. It made me not want to take another stats course. It was a good introduction to quantitative methods and the statistical aspect of social science. Major requirement This course was a positive influence, as I was initially worried about statistics being too difficult, but it was very manageable. This course was honestly not a great experience and made me wary of other stat classes. To date, this was the worst course I have ever taken. As a senior who will be spending their last term taking online classes, I am downright sad and upset that I had to go through the experience of this course for my last in person term. The strength and renown of Dartmouth\'s government department was not reflected in this course taught by Bafumi. completing a prerequisite for my major while introducing me to statistical thinking",
                    "Layuplist": "weird guy who really cant explain anything. If you ask for help he tries to set you up with a tutor  This is probably a rite of passage for your gov major. This class is demanding, but if you do your due diligence you will be ok. Professor Wu is very nice and willing to answer any of your questions and concerns. You HAVE to do the readings if you want to know what is going on during lecture. The material is cumulative, with many beginning concepts building into later ones, so it is especially important to not get behind and to review concepts until you fully understand them.  Bafumi is very scatter-brained. In preparation for our midterm, he gave us his phone number but only 5 digits. He is not a great lecturer. The midterm and final are fine, my chief complaint is that he failed to adequately explain what was expected of us in terms of reading in preparation for class. Class is in stata, which does make it easier. Solid course, Herron made it more than bearable. Would highly recommend it with him if possible. Syllabus said there would be a curve... there was not. He moves quickly but is available for office hours twice a week and allows for group work on the (nightly) problem sets. Final was far more difficult than the midterm and knocked my grade down a ton lol. Cottrell is really good at teaching and it\'s possible to do well in the class even if you\'re not very good at STEM. Take it with him if you can. The only thing that bothered me was people asking off-topic questions that slowed down lectures.  Herron is a fantastic guy. He\'s always willing to ask questions and will help with research projects. Funny, with a ton of energy. I\'m not gonna lie, if you\'re not a math person this course can be super difficult. He speaks fast and moves quickly in class, and the textbook readings are dense. It is manageable, but my study group and I pretty much just crammed and taught ourselves the material the week before the test. If you don\'t pay attention, you won\'t understand what\'s going on. Once again, that\'s if you don\'t have a math brain (like me). That doesn\'t mean you can\'t do well, you just have to be willing to take the time and learn the concepts and equations. I took it as a major requirement, but I\'m glad I was required to take it because I wouldn\'t have otherwise. It does make you evaluate research and studies rather differently. Do not take this course with Professor Bafumi. He is the worst lecturer and makes the class more difficult than it has to be. He also does not give enough time to finish the midterm and final. Although, his class is easy in that he uses STATA not R I wish I had taken it with Herron. Herron is an amazing prof. Gov 10 is generally considered to be a pretty hard class, and Herron is probably the most demanding professor - BUT if you can take it with Herron, take it with him. From what I\'ve heard Herron is definitely the best gov 10 class-- he actually made the material decently interesting, which for most people is hard to do for Statistics. Gov 10 has a scary reputation, but I thought it was on the easier side. Herron has an insane number of problem sets-- basically one due for every class, but if you do them, you\'ve practically already studied for the exams. Plus, the psets count for 20% of your grade (and you can work with up to three other people on them), so they end up being a good grade boost. Also the class is VERY curved. On our first midterm, anything above a low 80-something was an A.... Herron cares about his students and is incredibly accessible. Take gov 10 with Herron- most likely you need to take this class for something-- so take it with Herron. If you\'re going to take gov\'t 10, definitely take it with Cottrell. He\'s really nice and is pretty good at explaining concepts. He has quizzes, but he started making them open book, which is kind of helpful. The second part of the midterm was open book and the whole final was open book. Beware, you still have to understand the concepts and the material. The book is just a nice clutch so you don\'t have to memorize equations and if you forget something, you can look it up. But the quizzes and the midterms are fair and sometimes challenging but he curves it. There\'s weekly homework due on Saturdays at midnights. But if you go to office hours, he\'s really helpful with the homework. Also, his class is cool because he actually lets us work with real political data, not random stuff. It\'s cool to work with data about the 2016 election and people in Congress. You have to work but it\'s a fair amount of work. I would recommend this class.  I took this class as a prerequisite for a major I\'m considering, not out of genuine interest. However, it was evident that Cottrell tried to make this class as applicable and interesting as possible. His lectures are very straightforward and pretty much follow word-for-word the topics covered in the textbook. His tests and quizzes are fair as well. Also, as a professor, he\'s relatively young so he is very approachable with regards to questions and office hours.  If you\'re going to take gov\'t 10, definitely take it with Cottrell. He\'s really nice and is pretty good at explaining concepts. He has quizzes, but he started making them open book, which is kind of helpful. The second part of the midterm was open book and the whole final was open book. Beware, you still have to understand the concepts and the material. The book is just a nice clutch so you don\'t have to memorize equations and if you forget something, you can look it up. But the quizzes and the midterms are fair and sometimes challenging but he curves it. There\'s weekly homework due on Saturdays at midnights. But if you go to office hours, he\'s really helpful with the homework. Also, his class is cool because he actually lets us work with real political data, not random stuff. It\'s cool to work with data about the 2016 election and people in Congress. You have to work but it\'s a fair amount of work. I would recommend this class.