Amazing class with such a nice and interesting professor. It would be a much harder class to take with zero programming experience. You must commit to doing 2-3 hours of work outside of class before every session (watching videos and following along, doing online programming assignments, reading, etc). Professor is very reasonable and helpful. He really wants you to learn. I think his methods of testing were fair and effective. It was a good balance of in-class tests/pop quizzes and projects at home N/A No real complaints, although I am really not a fan of coding assignments that force you to memorize the exact syntax. The tests were badly structured 3 projects, 10 in class exercises, 2 tests. None of these are particularly challenging besides the tests. In class assignments, 3 projects, 1 midterm, 1 in class final One-third of the grade is comprised of eleven in-class exercises (3% each) that provide students with certain tasks to complete based on the video lectures assigned at the end of the previous class. There are also three larger data visualization projects to be completed out of class, in which students either use data provided or find their own data to visualize whatever they want. These, combined, comprise a little over a quarter of the grade. The remaining 40% is split evenly between a pen-and-paper midterm (which I found to be very ineffective due to its emphasis on memorizing intricate details of syntax that never need to be memorized in a real setting) and a use-your-own-computer final (which I found to be a very manageable and effective assessment of course knowledge). The DV contest was a bit difficult since there was not much specific feedback given on the two previous graphs. I liked the idea, but it was just a huge jump in grading style from one to the other, and I felt like I was not getting better. Otherwise, I found the two other ways of testing fair. The workload in and out of class were both manageable. The two exams both helped improve my understanding or R. There were 2 tests and multiple in class assignments. . 4 quizzes, 2 exams, 3 projects. Lots of assignments, but if you understand the material it will be fairly easy. I found the final exam very challenging. I felt like the class gave some advantages to people with lots of coding experience. I still think it was a great class. I think more of the course being based on projects than on quizzes would be a good change to make, including some of these projects not being on new material, and being done outside of class. I thought it was fair but the flipped classroom format could potentially require more work with more margin of error (especially if students understand things incorrectly). I thought the precepts were very helpful. Reasonable workload, poor grading structure Tests, projects, and quizzes were fairly fair and accurate tests of knowledge in this course. I believe that additional quizzes, and more written tests would be an improvement. The final exam was very stressful. I prepared a great deal, but the limited directions and options worsened my performance. The time constraint in addition to the ability to choose my questions caused me to waste time. The quizzes and exams were very difficult. I know the course is curved but sometimes questions and task were way too difficult. Sometimes I felt that my effort and all the things I had learned were not accurately represented. The tests and quizzes were pretty standard. The final was harder compared to the earlier exams but he advised that it would be difficult beforehand. The workload gets very intense in the second half of the term, but the methods of evaluation all seemed appropriate for the course. The workload was manageable if the student finished the sessions during class periods. Some of the flipped classroom work during the beginning of the term was a little long for the Tuesday-Thursday period. Thursday-Tuesday assignments were appropriate. These were fair because they\'re curved, but they were difficult to take We had 11 lab sessions, 3 projects, and 2 tests. I think the lab sessions were very well done and helped my learning. The projects were good, but I think the requirements on each should have progressively built, as there was not much variance. The written test and coding test were both challenging but effective tests of the knowledge learned in the class. all of the assignments were fine save for the final coding test which just had way too much to do in a short timeframe -more assignments would be good. -final exam was way too difficult 1) The projects were fantastic, and I wish they would take up a greater portion of the class 2) The quizzes were oftentimes pedantic and designed more to trick the student with T/F questions than gauge our knowledge. More short-answers would be ideal. 3) The final exam was a bit too long to be completed in class, which could be easily rectified going forward 4) The workload was immense but fair; I\'ve no complaints. A lot of it is the quizzes and the projects, and we have to understand tidyverse very well Final was mad I think the labs were very fair because they rewarded hard work and untimed coding skills and the first test was fair. The quizzes were ok, but they had too many gotcha questions. The final test was too hard according to everyone I talked to. I think the methods were all fair (minus the final exam which was way too hard) but the timing of the examinations was poor, i.e. we would have lab and quiz on the same day which really made it more challenging to do either effectively. Midterm, Final, Quizzes, and Projects. The workload was very fair. REALLY BAD AND UNFAIR. FINAL TEST INSTRUCTIONS WERE NOT CLEAR AT ALL. DID NOT REFLECT WHAT WAS LEARNED. The three projects were extremely time consuming but they were a valuable learning experience. The in-class final exam was extremely hard. I think it would have been better if it was a take home exam. The workload was fair for the amount of material we needed to learn to have a grasp of the focus of the course. the test and quizzes were wighted too heavily and should not have been hand written considering it is a coding class. Fair amount of quizes, projects, and exams. But don\'t have quizes and labs due in the same week. Good. But the exams were very difficult Grade was made up of two tests (one paper, one computer) worth 20% each, quizzes, turning in the in-class sessions, three mini projects, and participation. Great class but not a layup. All in-class programing assignments Although I was first surprised at the flipped classroom structure, I found that this did make the most sense and was the most effective. I received help when I needed it the most, which was when I was trying to complete the exercises. N/A Needs much more lecture and discussion, see course design comments No real complaints. Almost always in class work with outside of class lecture videos. Flipped classroom. Flipped classroom approach with assignments in class and online lectures at home; projects in class I thought the flipped lecture and assignments style was good. No lecture, almost all assignments are done in class with instructional videos assigned as homework. The class was 100% in class assignments. The structure was heavily geared toward learning through our own participation, which was very helpful, but I also liked how during the workshops we received some lecture and opportunity for class discussion. There was no lecture. This is a flipped classroom, and while I don\'t think such a methodology is always effective, it worked extremely well in this class. The students watch about an hour\'s worth of video lectures before each class, and these videos explain course material extremely well (likely more effectively than could be done in an in-class lecture setting). In class, students spend the entire time working on that day\'s in-class exercise, which can be submitted up to 7 hours after the class (these are each worth a small portion of the student\'s grade, and combine to make up a third of the overall grade). These exercises can be done collaboratively, and the Professor moves between students to answer questions/provide assistance. . Flipped classromm Flipped classroom. Students mainly work during the class and receive help from the instructor. Good balance. I like that he focuses on applying the code, but I would like more lecture in the lab. I really like the flip classroom. I wish there was more lecture but I did like the assignments. It was a flipped classroom, so homework was watching lectures and reading online resources and class time was spent doing lab work. Mixed feelings about the flipped course format; it wasn\'t fantastic, and Intro to Data Science with R was a decent program, but would\'ve been secondary to actual instruction. I suppose it\'s an okay format for a course seemingly focusing on R syntax though. The workshops were great, very helpful and interesting: I feel as though it would have been productive to have more opportunities like that. Perfect mix The flipped classroom format, with programming assignments each class, was definitely the best format for this course. The flipped classroom was very appropriate for the class, and encouraged students to actively learn, collaborate, and ask questions. The structure was to have the majority of the work happen in class, and the majority of the reading/watching outside of class. For this subject matter, this was great. good mix! FLIPPED NATURE OF THE CLASS WAS NOT ENJOYABLE AND LED TO LESS LEARNING. Good I liked the precepts a lot, but I think it would have been useful to lecture for 15 minutes on important confusing topics like factors or dplyr. I thought a flipped classroom structure worked very well for this course. It was a flipped classroom, so we completed most of the preliminary instruction of our own accord before honing it within a classroom context. I enjoyed it for what it was and felt that it cohered nicely with this breed of curriculum. It\'s a flipped classroom, and we do precepts in class and watch videos explaining outside of class This was an unconventional course where we did our learning independently. Watch videos outside of class and do in-class assignments based on videos in class. We watched lectures outside of class and did in class coding assignments. I liked this structure and thought it gave us a good chance to ask questions. no lecture, no discussion, just watched videos for homework Good I wish there was a lecture in class instead of students doing work. It\'s a flipped classroom style - you read up on the material on your own, then complete exercises in class. I really enjoy the use of programming and can see how useful this course can be within the government field and department, as well as beyond it. This has given me a great foundation. It\'s a lot more of a technical class rather than a liberal arts one, it\'s all about learning the basics of a useful language. However, there isn\'t much in terms of data visualization theory or anything of that sorts. The course should be marketed as an introduction to R. N/A I became interested in QSS! I learned something completely new that I had never done before. I truly believe that the data skills I acquired in this class will help me throughout my Dartmouth career and in the future! It reaffirmed my decision to finish out my government major with classes oriented toward data analysis as opposed to more qualitative thinking and equipped me with a lot of practical skills that I hope to use in future courses, research, or careers. It was my favorite class I\'ve taken yet. Loved it, might look into taking more data heavy classes. This course has heavily influenced me to major in either QSS or Government, and definitely makes me want to pursue a research project or thesis using the data science skills we learned in this course. This course was an overwhelmingly negative experience for me. I took this course out of interest and was disappointed with the teaching, my personal acquisition of knowledge, and that it most likely dropped my major GPA. Also, I do not completely understand why this course is listed in the government department; the connection was not evident to me. . I liked R but I think coding classes are too hard for me. I realized how useful and applicable R is for just about every time I need to do a presentation! I want to take more courses on data analysis in the future I was planning on and still intend to continue studying data science as a major and a career. I would love to take a sequel course and learn even more about data visualization. I\'m also interested in further quantitative government courses. It gave me practical skills with R that my interviewers loved to hear about when I was searching for a job. It has reinforced my decision to major in QSS. It helped increase my understanding of R, which is important to my further studies. It showed all the cools things that can be done with sufficient skills in R! It was one of my hardest classes at Dartmouth. It caused me a great deal of stress. One of the best classes I\'ve taken here -- Prof. Horiuchi is an amazing, attentive, and great professor. The skills I learned through the class are extremely useful and tangible. Pretty standard. Tough course, but did not change my interest in the subject. great real world application! Because of this course, I\'m more actively considering future courses with an emphasis on R and QSS and, accordingly, feel much more comfortable with the prospect of gathering and analyzing my own data in an Honors Thesis program. I definitely want to do more with R and QSS in the future. I feel like I can make my own projects now. Research in QSS seems really fun with R. I know how to attempt all these fancy graphics in academic journal articles! I learned a lot and feel more confident in my ability to make sense of data and represent it in a way that makes sense to other people, as well. I learned a lot, but I realized that govt might not be for me It helped give me skills that I could use in my research and potentially when I work on an honors thesis. N/A To be determined it made me never want to take a coding class ever again. it made me feel dumb and lesser than my peers. I don\'t know if it was just the people in the class or the structure of the class itself, but I cried so many times because of this class. Favorite class at Dartmouth so far I\'m really glad that I took it because it\'ll be useful for my post-graduation job. It made me have a crisis Makes me want to do more QSS courses and possibly minor in QSS.",
                    "Layuplist": "Honestly, I would not recommend this class if you don\'t already know how to use R or are very keen to do learning on your own. The class uses a flipped- classroom format, where we used class time for homework and learned outside of class. The tuition you pay for this class for one term (probably around 5 or 6 thousand bucks) is spent literally on a subscription to DataCamp, an online tutor for data science. That subscription costs you 33.25 per month, so you are essentially paying what probably amounts to 4900 extra dollars for next to nothing. Professor Cooper is in class to help with your classwork assignments, but his input I found to be most useful in that he pretty much found syntactical errors and forgotten commas, parentheses, etc.- essentially stuff that you could find on your own. The reversed classroom was also kind of annoying in the fact that assignments were due 9 pm the evening following the class period- so you best have the time cut out after class to grind out the assignments. In terms of learning in the class, I found the most help in using Google and asking my classmates for help, and Professor Cooper\'s help to be very much less useful. One could save 4900 dollars of tuition by literally buying a DataCamp subscription and getting a student enrolled in the class to send you the practice assignments. The grading in this class was harsher on assignments, but easier on the labs, which 3 of made up 25 percent of your grade. The only successful students I observed in this class were people who already had used R extensively, or had strong computer programming language backgrounds. Those of you who have never taken a class like this will probably get a ding to your GPA. I would not recommend unless you must take this class to finish your major.  Class is a layup as long as you study thoroughly for the one and only Midterm. Memorize the specific commands for everything you have learned. You will not get a function sheet. He used a flipped classroom approach. Online lectures were well put together