The quizzes throughout the term are very specific and are not a good measure of a student\'s understanding of the material. Although I did well on all the quizzes, I often felt like it tested my memory of specific sections more than my understanding of the concepts and my ability to explain the entire reading. - The final is unreasonably demanding (in word count) considering the other assessments were only eight 15-Min quizzes. 2 non-cumulative midterms and a final exam 8 quizzes, 3 final papers, and participation. All exams which I liked. As discussed earlier, sometimes this quizzes contained questions about material I perceived as less important in the grand scheme of things. As said above, didn\'t love final exam questions but in class quizes were fair. Canvas tests -- studying for these required a lot of careful reading. Didn’t particularly like reading quizzes to be majority of grade Fair examinations, wish there was more other than quizzes and final exam Final was too lengthy in my opinion, but the course seemed fair overall. Good mix between reading, quizzes, and participation Great Great challenging, but doable workload. I believe that the workload was appropriate for such a class. I believe the professor\'s choice of evaluation is an interesting one. 48% of grade in the class comes from quizzes, 40% from three take-home final exam essays, and 12% from participation. I believe this is a fair mix. I think the percent weighted on the quizzes is a bit hefty and could be taken down slightly, but other than that it is strong. My only suggestion is adding to the syllabus a rule about absences beyond saying attendance is obligatory. Some students were marked down on their participation grade for any unexcused absence, and this was not mentioned in the syllabus as far as I could tell. I believe the readings were heavy, and often times not relevant to what we would discuss in class. I did not agree with the grading component of this class as I found the quizzes to be incredibly difficult which were detrimental to my grade. I wish there were more opportunities to show how much effort I put into preparation for the class as my quizzes did not reflect that. I didn\'t mind the quizzes but prefer tests over papers I feel like the weekly quizzes weren\'t enough. I liked the weekly quizzes. They made sure you kept up with the reading. I really liked the quizzes! Maybe add one more paper though because I wasn\'t entirely clear on what was expected of the final papers. I really liked the quizzes, but would have preferred maybe another paper to practice for the final I think the online quizzes should be changed.  There were students who took the tests together, which damaged the curves for everyone else. Also, more written essays would have been another way to assess students and whether they were thinking critically about the material. I think the quiz choice, as I have already said, was a poor one. Not every student excels in those sorts of assignments and to have almost 50% of the grade based on the exact same type of evaluation is a poor choice on the professors part. I think the quizzes were a good way to make sure students reviewed material throughout the course and actually did the readings. I think 3 papers for the final was a little bit too much - it was hard to write 3 separate papers about 3 separate ideas. I think 2 papers would have been more doable. I think the workload expected was very well balanced. The readings each took me around 30-90 minutes, and studying for the quizzes took a long time but was effective for me. I think the paper at the end forced me to really understand the bigger picture and themes of what we had learned. I thiught weekly quizzes were a good way of making sure students kept up with the readings and evaluated our knowledge well. I thought that a weekly quiz was very beneficial. It definitely encouraged me to stay on top of the topics of the class and make the workload much more manageable. I thought the quizzes were over a large amount of reading which tripped up some students but it was fine. The workload was a good amount for this course. I thought the weekly quizzes were a very appropriate method of assessment I thought the workload was reasonable. Readings were long but certainly not too long, and the weekly quizzes kept me on track. However, I though some questions on quizzes required too specific of answers, especially when we were told to focus on broad, key topics. I was a big fan of the online tests Our weekly quizzes were a good form of evaluation. The readings were often dense and long, but manageable. Professor Sorens doesn\'t test his students on concepts that he did not teach them.  His class is extremely fair. Professor Sorens primarily evaluated his Gov 3 course through weekly quizzes, each of which was dauntingly weighted. Quizzes had a few questions that were hrd to remember from readings. Plenty of time for final but it is a lot of writing and rereading. Quizzes pretty fair, nothing really unexpected, sometimes graded a little weird Quizzes were always straightforward and fair. Quizzes were simple and explanatory. May recommend adding some in class assignments that add to the knowledge learned in the readings. Students are expected to do readings before lecture and come prepared to discuss them. The readings were often very long and very confusing, especially if one doesn\'t have a strong background in government. Coming from a public school background (in which very little expository reading was expected of me), the workload in this class was shocking, although I imagine it wasn\'t too bad for students more accustomed to regular expository/non-literary reading.  I talk at great length about this in my teacher and course evaluation responses, but this course had a weekly-quiz model. We also had a final: three 1200-word essays. The quizzes were five questions each, and often drew upon ideas discussed both in readings and lecture. I think this model would\'ve worked better had a method of testing all the material throughout the term accompanied it. A couple midterms, testing everything we had learned thus far and forcing students to review old concepts, would improve our learning and aid our final essay process. Tests were reasonable and I actually liked the online method The class had weekly quizzes and the final exam consisted of three short essays. Grading also included participation, either in class or in online discussions. The quiz questions are not difficult if you do the reading and pay attention during lectures. The course evaluation focused around three exams: two midterms and a final. The exams were online through Canvas which I really liked because helped to reduce the stress surrounding the exam. This may be an unpopular opinion, but I think our understanding of the material would have benefited from some sort of written assignment of a specific aspect of American politics. The method of evaluation was very reasonable. We had a quiz on the readings every week and three papers for our final exam. The methods of teaching were traditional yet effective. The online tests were very convenient. The professor mostly assessed course work through quizzes on the readings, which I think could be made more effective if they included questions involving individual understanding or interpretation of the readings as well as objective questions. The workload was left open to students since, other than the quizzes and the final examinations, students didn\'t necessarily need to do the readings to participate, although it definitely helped the class experience. The quizzes were always fair if you studied for them and the final was 3 mini-essays which I liked because I could apply what I learned to real life. The teacher gave three final essays and weekly quizzes (8 in total). Readings are assigned for every class and take a while to complete as they are usually around 40 pages of dense  political theories. The three online exams system was very good. There was a lot of reading, so the work load was pretty intense. The weekly quizzes required you to focus every class but sometimes the questions were extremely hard. The weekly quizzes were effective in helping to understand the material. The workload expected of students was very fair. I personally really liked the weekly quizzes because it allowed me to review my notes/the lectures every single week. This way, I was able to absorb the material well. However, the final exam was a bit much to do during finals week (I think answering 2 questions would be more fair than answering 3). I honestly would have preferred having a question or two due on a different date, so the student is able to correctly gauge the amount of time needed. The workload wasn\'t overbearing. You definitely had to distribute the readings over the course of a few days to be able to retain it clearly, but it wasn\'t strenuous work.  I wish that there were other forms of assessment in the course.  I think his idea of a final series of essays was good. It challenged me in a good way. We had weekly quizzes which focused on the learning. We had daily readings which typically took a couple hours to read. We had no midterms and then final essays at the end of the term. I found these methods effective but would have liked some more exams or midterms. Weekly quizzes which tend to be simple if all coursework for the week is complete, final exam required a disproportionate amount of work to all other assessments in the course Well-organized Workload was fair but incorporate more work so the final isn\'t worth 40%. Workload was fine, but monotonous. Smaller hw assignments or quizzes would help keep students engaged. Workload was good, not overbearing. Workload was great. Quiz content and grading was fair. The final papers were fun to write and were highly thought provoking. final exam was a lot but fair given we didnt have any other big assessments during the term good lots of quizzes,way too much workload manageable, definitely helps me understand the materials more quizzes and papers, I think having three papers as a final was not the best distribution of writing in the course quizzes largely off of readings slightly less than half the grade is made up of 8 weekly quizzes, about 10% for participation, and the rest for the final. This course was all lectures, no discussion. Thus, this course was extremely boring and not what Dartmouth promises its students. -All lecture A little more discussion throughout the lecture would be effective All lecture, minimal discussion, same discussion/participation by few All lecture. Almost entirely lecture with some discussion For the most part, Gov 3 was a lecture during which Professor Sorens would occasionally utilize the blackboard. Students were responsible for obtaining and taking their own notes, and discussion was more question-answer style. Good balance between lecture and discussion. Good balance between the two. Good balance of structure. Good mix between lecture and discussion. Felt engaged throughout Good structure. Good; the online discussions were VERY useful Great Great lectures and guest speakers Great mixture He shouldn\'t emphasize participation so much since its lecture style I actually didn\'t really like the way this class was structured. Sorens mostly lectured throughout class, but he would also often engage students and ask them questions. For some reason, I felt this fostered a competitive environment, especially since quantity and quality of participation is part of our grade, in which students would try to give the most insightful/impressive answers. This was only made worse by the fact Sorens would (as nicely as possible) tell you whether you were right or wrong immediately after you contributed. I think, since this course is so idea heavy, more discussion between students would be more effective. I also think participation should not be part of our grade; kids are only hurting themselves if they don\'t do the readings before class, and the weekly quizzes to some degree keep kids on top of the readings anyway. I believe that the method of instruction (readings that lead to lecture / discussion) really helped me grasp the material. I do wish the class had been more discussion based, with the opportunity to discuss ideas about US politics in small groups instead of every class being a lecture I liked the lecture based class, but a smaller class would have been more effective for a student like me. I really appreciate Professor Sorens encouraging his students to comment and ask questions during his lectures. He has a great lecture style and is able to allow for student voices in class, while still maintaining positive control of the lecture. I really liked how the professor was able to effectively mix his opinions of the lectures with the participation and opinion of the students. I think that there needs to be more of an emphasis on discussion. The lectures were informative without being too lengthy. I think the classes were formatted in a lecture style but there was definitely opportunity for students to add comments or ask questions. I liked the way that it was set up. Sometimes there is too much pressure in just discussion based classes, but this was helpful so that when I felt I had something to say I could say it. I think the mix between lecture and discussion was good and I liked hearing other students\' opinions. I thoght it was a great mix I thought the lectures were very effective. I thought the structure was great. Prof. Sorens would lecture, but also keep the class engaged by asking questions and accepting the questions of the students. It was a well balanced blend. It was almost entirely lecture which became hard sometimes It was completely lecture-based with questions from students, but not student to student discussion which is a huge missed opportunity, especially given the type of content we were covering. Lecture and guided discussion. Lecture but with strong student engagement. Good. Lecture-based, participation was a bit unclear Maybe add some more discussion More time for discussion would have greatly enriched my knowledge of the concepts. Mostly lecture, but students do participate. Not enough discussion Opening up the lecture to discussion towards the end of class was good, and if the class was a bit smaller, I think more discussion would have been beneficial. Perfect mix. Sorens has an amazing style where discussion is embedded in the lecture and vice versa. The class focused almost entirely on lecture, which resulted in little engagement from students. I think the class would have benefited from more discussion. The class had a great mixture between lecture and discussion. Prof. Sorens always makes sure to answer any questions immediately, and he made sure to pose questions to the class during most lectures. The class is structured in a lecture way with discussions at the end. The class was entirely lecture-based with questions so that students could participate. The discussions were limited to answering the professor\'s questions. The class was mainly lecture with student participation sprinkled throughout. The class was mostly lecture based, but the teacher also asked a lot of questions and encouraged students to contribute their ideas. The class was mostly lecture, but students could interject at any time a comment was relevant, and Professor Sorens often asked questions directly to the class and asked for our opinions. The class was primarily lecture with small aspects of voluntary discussion. The classes were almost all lecture. The only discussion that occurred was when a student asked a question or the professor asked for a response.  Maybe he could include a debate with students representing an author (ex: Locke vs. Hobbes) to mix up the course a little bit. The classes were more lecture-based, but as mentioned previously, I think this was more effective for the readings we were assigned and for the topics covered because they were so dense and because the professor was a very well-versed, clear lecturer. The majority of this class\'s structure was lecture-based in the classroom. Reading outside of the classroom before class was step one, followed by lectures on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday reviewing that information and building upon it. Discussion did ensue in the classroom, but most discussion took place on Canvas. The mix between lecture and discussion worked well for me, because it allowed me to get a solid understanding of the reading through the professor\'s lecture, and also stay engaged with the discussion. The structure of the class was good. The structure of the course was bad in that there was no variety in assessments or any writing at all until the final. The structure of the class was lecture with discussion integrated into it which I liked. The structure was almost always lecture, but we did have discussions some classes. The structure was good There was a little bit too much lecture and not enough discussion, I thought. There was no discussion. I think that could have enhanced the quality of the class. This class was mostly lecture but had a section of each class dedicated to discussion. Students were encouraged to share their ideas. Too much lecture. heavy on lecture, but such was the nature of the class it was good lecture with engaging questions more lecture than discussion mostly lecture this is effective as it is. While this was a great introduction to American government I do not think that I will be taking another government class. At first, it was a bit difficult to adapt to the way Dartmouth classes are structured, but afterwards, I found the experience truly rewarding. For the rest of my time here, I will know when a professor is of the highest caliber.  I\'m telling you, Professor Sorens made me want to learn. Gave me an overview and greater understanding of government, Good course, informative, learned a lot Good major course I am going to take more classes in the government department and possibly minor in government. I am looking forward to taking more government classes, and more classes from Professor Sorens. I am now considering not majoring in Government, but I am still going to try another class before I decide this. I am strongly considering being a Gov major following this class. I definitely learned a lot of new information I enjoyed it quite a bit I finished part of my major I found the class very interesting, but as government is not my strong suit, I struggled a little bit. I had to put in a ton of work to do moderately well in this class. I would certainly take another class in the government department, but would definitely have to reconsider the other classes I take along with it to ensure I wasn\'t overloaded. I greatly enjoyed this course and it will encourage me to take more government courses in the future. I learned a lot and it made me more interested in American Government classes. I really enjoyed Prof. Bafumi -- but less powerpoint would be better. I really enjoyed it and it made me want to continue taking government classes I really enjoyed this class and would say it had a positive influence on my experience. I really enjoyed this course, and am considering taking more courses in the government department. I thougt this was a good intorudction into the government department at Dartmouth, teaching me a lot of basica of political theory and how the US government is unique. I want to continue studying government I want to take more government classes in the future. I was my first, and only, lecture based course at Dartmouth, and I liked the organization of the class more than I expected to. I was pleased with it, and it gave me more confidence in the government department I will continue on the Government course and move onto a seminar class. Informed my understanding of the APS. It confirmed that I want to major in Government. It definitely opened my eyes to the government department and I am now considering a government major at Dartmouth. It didn\'t. It encouraged me to pursue a government major or minor. It further reinforced my interest in government It helped me gain a greater sense of politics. It helped me learn about the United States government and i can use that knowledge hopefully in my profession. It helped me narrow down my major decisions It honestly made me question my choice of Major, however, I know this is an intro class and has been an outlier compared to most government classes I have taken, which I have thoroughly enjoyed as a whole. It informed me that I need to seriously consider whether I actually enjoy government. It more or less solidified my decision to major in Gov. It progressed me along to my major. Made me consider minoring in gov. Made me re think my decision of pursuing a government major. But I did enjoy Professor Sorens, and did learn a lot from him. I just felt it could be a little more efficient. Major requirement My favorite class so far and enhanced my academic experience No, this class didn\'t influence my academic experience. Overall had a great term and felt that my knowledge of American politics was greatly expanded. Positive experience. Positively. Provided a new outlook on the political system, which influenced me to be more active in political matters. Reinforced my love of government and sparked intellectual curiosity in specifc areas like decentralization. Satisfies my major prerequisite Taught me just how much senseless pride the Government Department at Dartmouth has in keeping medians low. The course was fair and I learned a lot The material of this course was very interesting, but I feel I would have been more interested in the class had I been induced to engage in more discussion and critical thinking. This class made it clear to me that I do not want to pursue a government major at Dartmouth. This class was a good introduction to the government department and definitely makes me want to take more classes in this field. This course at first made me a little intimidated to continue with a Government major, but by the end it reinforced my dedication to that goal. Additionally, some readings from the course have inspired me to look into a sociology minor. This course helped me understand what aspects of government I\'m more interested in. Since we surveyed readings across many different topics, I realized political philosophy is not incredibly interesting to me, while political science and institutions are. I also improved my reading skills immensely. This course made me almost certain that I will major in Government. The material is very interesting and the courseload is not unreasonable. This course really helped my academic experience at Dartmouth. This class really drew my interest into the government department even more. I think this mainly had to do with the Professor and the way he read his classroom but the subject matter was also very interesting. This course solidified my choice to major in government. This course was a great first impression at Dartmouth. It taught me many strong study habits and showed me the importance of reading closely. I look forward to taking another class with Professor Sorens in the near future. This course was a very good introductory course for the government department at Dartmouth. I would take another class with this professor. i enjoyed it a lot, would like to take another course with this professor intersted in government made me realize the professor really matters a lot as to whether a class is good (Sorens was amazing) more interested in gov now. If you\'ve already taken AP US Govt. then it\'s a fairly easy class. Don\'t really have to do any of the readings. Even if you haven\'t taken AP govt., I highly recommend the class. Costa is an awesome prof...super nice and she\'s very into research, so she\'ll even share some interesting studies she\'s done. Also gets good guest speakers. Midterms are fairly straightforward. Last 2 were even take-home (but only have an hour to do them). Easy to get A-/A. I loved this class!!! Professor Lacy is amazing- he\'s super passionate about what he\'s teaching and it shows. The class is mostly lectures, but he keeps them interesting and really makes an effort to explain everything in a way that the class will understand. He also tells a ton of stories or anecdotes that vaguely relate to the discussion but end up helping you remember the lecture. The homework is basically all reading, so don\'t take the class if you\'re not prepared to read over 100 pages of dense material some nights. A lot of it is interesting though and you can get away with skimming some parts. He occasionally gives pop quizzes based on the reading (we had in total 4 I think) but all of them together plus participation/attendance only count as 5% of your final grade. There were 2 tests- a midterm and a final- each worth 25% of your grade. They weren\'t super difficult, but you have to put in a good amount of time reviewing your class and reading notes to do well. He also lets the class vote at the beginning of the term whether to make them closed or open note and in class or on canvas. The rest of your grade comes from one 3-page discussion paper and then either a second discussion paper or a group project (20-25 page case study and presentation on an issue in American politics). I\'d definitely recommend this class. It\'s a lot of work (mostly because of the reading), but if you\'re thinking of majoring/minoring in gov or are just interested in American politics and theory Lacy is an amazing prof and will make it worth your while! Class wasn\'t that hard, but the readings were too long and difficult (but you didn\'t really need to do them in depth) and the lectures were a bit disorganized but very interesting. Tests were not too bad and mostly from the lectures plus direct quiz questions (which were on the readings). AP US Gov is a really good advantage to have in the class, but doesn\'t automatically get you a total layup class. Not to bad to get an A/A- Do not take this class. I imagine the only reason you would is if you are a gov major, as it is a boring introduction class. Far more interesting is Gov 5 and Gov 6 (although Gov 6 has questionable reviews you read interesting things...) this class is extremely disorganized, the lectures are dull, the readings are unnecessarily long. Professor Lacey is a nice guy, but there are much better gov professors. The class is entirely eager freshmen and sophomores which makes taking this class as an upperclassman gov major even more brutal Not really what I expected going in, but still an enjoyable class. Learned a lot from the lectures and Prof. Sorens kept them super interesting and easy to follow. It took me a while to get into a groove with the readings, as they were often pretty dense and usually required some re-reading, but my weekly quiz scores gradually got better. Gov 3 was definitely a good class which I enjoyed taking. However, this is by no means a layup. You have to do the readings and listen in the lectures because any of it can come up in the quiz. Even with the generous curve, not doing the readings/not listening is gonna land you a C