Nevertheless, he did explain everything clearly and was very opened to answer any questions one might have. Could include more small group discussions Could\'ve used more discussion Good balance Good. Sometimes wish there was more discussion to boost engagement I think it was a really good mix. Carey always engaged the class with discussions about the polls he did and he was always open to questions. I thought it was a good mix of mostly lecture, and in fact ideally I would have preferred even more lecture time and less questions so we could have finished lectures more often. If anything, the professor let students dominate discussion a little bit too much (if possible?). It was effective considering class size Lecture More discussions would have been better. More lecture than discussion, perhaps could be leveled out more. But volume of material is so large it is understandably difficult to do both in just one term. Most of our classes were lecture-styles, but we had some sort of smaller discussions during X-hours. N/A Professor Carey always taught the class from a powerpoint which gave the class a clear direction to follow but could sometimes get dry because it was very repetitive of the readings. Professor Carey made sure to answer any questions that students had during lecture, and the mix of questions and lecture was fairly consistent. This made the class engaging and interesting. The class is mostly lecture based. The professor used a text poll system which made the lectures interesting. The class was mostly lecture, with a few student questions mixed in. The course was heavily based on lectures which i enjoy. That is the type of learning i prefer. The daily lectures were a lot, but very effective in learning a lot of information. It was easy to take notes on and follow the syllabus. I knew exactly what I was going to be learning when I walked into the classroom and when it came time to review the material it was easy to look back on the course. The ridged structure was much appreciated. There was an equal mixture of lecture and discussion. There was mostly lecture and practically no discussion except for questions that students would ask during lectures and polls that professor Carey took to gauge the class\'s opinions. There wasn\'t really a ton of discussion but I wasn\'t upset about that because it wasn\'t really needed This class was mostly discussion since 21\'s were allowed to ask so many questions. lecture All lecture based which can get a bit boring. All lectures. Because it\'s an 80 people class, discussions are mostly several students asking questions in class. Because the class was considerably the class was heavily lecture based but I do not think that it severely hindered my ability to stay focused or engage. Because the class was so large, it made sense to be a lecture. Class is 90% lecture with some opportunity to ask questions. Class was mostly discussion. Good mix, but as stated before, maybe a bit too many off-topic questions allowed (started to take over the class). Good mix, given it was an intro class. Good structure. More discussion would be good, but that\'s kinda hard in an 80 person class Good! I enjoyed the lectures but felt there was not enough discussion among students. I thought the class could have more discussion I wish the class was smaller and had more discussion. I wish there had been smaller discussion sections, but I understand this is hard to accomplish with a large lecture class. I wish there was more discussion but that\'s not really possible when there are 70 + people in the class. Ideally the class would be improved by slightly extending the amount of class time. Otherwise, discussion should take a slightly smaller proportion of the class as some concepts feel rushed. It was all lecture. It was completely lecture-based. Students asked questions but they were often off-task/unnecessary and the professor entertained them anyway, which took away valuable class time. It was primarily a lecture class. Professor Carey is an excellent lecturer however so it wasn\'t at all bad. Lecture and discussion mixed well. Mainly lecture based, which was fitting. Mainly lecture but Carey did try to incorporate some interaction thru class polls which was nice Maybe more discussions. Mostly focused on lecture, with a couple cases of discussion. Mostly just lecture some discussion and a lot of discussion in optional x hours Mostly lecture, very little discussion, which was fine given how big the class was this quarter Organized and clear Professor Carey does a good job incorporating what discussion he can in an ~80 class size. Structure of the class was largely lecture-based. X-hours and office hours allowed time for discussion and further questions. The class is almost entirely lecture-based, which I enjoyed. Professor Carey is extremely knowledgable about this field of study, and learning what he knows about the factors that comprise a democratic nation was a wonderful opportunity for me. While there was little to no student discussion in class, Professor Carey made sure students participated in the lecture by forbidding laptop use and conducting student online polls through our phones. These polls helped us better understand the concept being discussed in lecture, and it was also quite fun to see the results as they came in. The class is entirely lecture based, but it\'s an intro Gov class so this makes sense. The class structure was all lecture based. With that being said, Professor Carey always answered our questions and managed to keep everyone engaged and interested for the whole course. The class was all lecture - which drove me to sleep. I would\'ve appreciated a more dynamic structure to enhance my engagement with the material and learn from my peers. The class was definitely primarily lecture, and I would have appreciated more discussion or other forms of teaching. The class was entirely lecture but the way that the professor did his lectures was engaging and often brought in the thoughts and questions of students. I enjoyed this lecture structure. The class was largely lecture-based, and the lectures followed the readings that had been assigned the day before. The class was lecture heavy, but I thought this worked well for this kind of class, and this did not impede my learning. The class was mostly a lecture, but there was a chance for discussion occasionally. The class was mostly lectures, and there was some time to ask questions. The classes were essentially just lectures; too large for discussion. The structure of the class was very lecture-intensive, but not to the detriment of the classroom experience overall. There was no discussion in this lecture-based course, which i think was appropriate for the breadth and depth of the material we covered and the size of the class There was no discussion, only lecture and questions for the professor There wasn\'t room for too much discussion because the lectures were so packed with information. This class was a perfect balance between lecture and discussion. Professor Carey is a very lively lecturer and allowed for many students to ask questions during class and in office hours. This class was huge, I know it was because Govt 5 was canceled, but I am a learner who dreads the large lecture hall and wished to engage in discussion during class. Well balanced between lecture and discussion. all lecture interspersed by class questions good, maybe a tad more discussion but hard for a class of that size it was a large class so it was mostly lecture-based, but this worked well.  the professor also augmented the lectures with X hours where the students could ask questions maybe more in depth in the lectures considering how specific he tests n/a All lecture but I loved it All lectures Every class is a lecture, however, he is quite entertaining. Good Balance Good balance between tests and written assignments. Good mix I really liked the mix of lecture and discussion; however, I didn\'t like what the classes were oriented around (journal articles). I think Professor Carey could have limited the amount of student participation and talked a little more. I wanted to hear what he had to say about the material more. I think a little bit less discussion It was well organized, so it was easy to follow. Lecture-heavy Mostly lecture Perhaps more group work and break-out discussions to break up lecture-time. Prof. Carey let everyone who had an idea, comment, or question speak in class, which I greatly appreciated. Although I did not speak up in class, it made me feel more comfortable and relaxed. There was therefore a good mix between lecture and discussion. The class was all lecture. Usually lecture because their was so much material. We would sometimes have discussions but they were usually directed back to the material. Very lecture based, with some interlude for discussion - would have liked more discussion, but again can\'t be sure if this is realistic discussion was mixed within the lecture format - encouraged student participation (e.g. poll ev) great mainly lecture, which works for the material. n/a 100% lecture, aside from some Q/A. All lecture As an intro class, we always, understandably, had a lecture. Class was mostly lecture, with small component of participation. Fair. Good mix Great mix between lecture and discussion. It was lectures with discussions mixed in. It was mostly lecture but sometimes we would end the lesson with discussion, where Professor Horowitz would ask us our opinion on the topic and we would debate it. More relevant discussion necessary Mostly lecture Mostly lecture with bits of discussion. N/A The class structure was effective--I only wish the PowerPoints were more useful. The class was around 95% lecture, and Prof. Horowitz would sometimes allow students to engage in discussion of material and readings. The class was mostly lecture based, but the professor stopped to ask questions and to allow us to discuss points of interest. I thought this had a very good balance. My only comment on that was that the discussions were solely volunteer-based so many people never spoke. Too much lecture. It was very boring. Two tests (30% each), 6 pop quizzes (10%), and a research paper (30%). Tests were not easy but were also fair, quizzes were. slightly more discussion Did well at allowing for students to contribute For a lecture course there was a lot of opportunity to participate Great. I enjoyed the balance between lecture and discussion. I liked the lectures, but would have appreciated more class discussion mixed in as well. I think professor Horowitz does a great job asking us what we took away from the reading before he explains it to us. It was mostly lecture but could always ask a question. I enjoyed this. It would be cool to have more discussions; perhaps leaving 10 minutes at the end of class and giving students a prompt about the material and allowing students to share ideas, tie the current day\'s reading to others, etc. Lecture Not much discussion, but thats expected of a lecture class. Horowitz was always open to answering questions and offered insightful responses. The class was a good mix between lecture and discussion. Moreover, lectures were very well structured and the slides really helped with retaining important class concepts. The course was solely lecture The lectures were well done. There was no discussion, but it was a 40 person class so this is to be expected This class is mainly lecture with some participation to summarize each day’s readings. -It\'s mostly lecture but occasionally he\'ll ask the class a question or ask for questions and comments. All lecture All lecture, occasional opportunities for participation Definitely heavily lecture style but I didn\'t mind it. Sometimes the lectures could get a bit technical / statistical / bland but overall very structured. It would be hard to miss a class though because so much is covered. Good mix of lecture and disussion. Good mix. I liked the structure of the class--the discussion could have been more exciting, however. Ideal balance. It was ok N/a Primarily lecture, but understandable considering the topics of the course. He tries to initiate discussion every class, but the class wasn\'t up for much discussion. The class had an ideal mix of lecture and discussion. The class was largely lecture, with Prof. Horowitz occasionally asking students to offer their thoughts on a reading or to answer questions about a reading. The class was mostly lecture, with some input from students.  The class was too large for discussion. The structure of the class was good considering how much content we had to learn in such a short period of time. A little more discussion might have been good, but not necessary. There wasn\'t a lot of participation because people weren\'t really incentivized to do the readings for class. good mix - all lecture, sometimes discussion. could have more discussion if lectures were more engaging - could incorporate more discussion in the class to further students knowledge as opposed to just lectures As mentioned, a bit more discussion would be nice Class was almost entirely lecture-based. Could be more variation. Good Great lectures. Heavy on lecture, did not encourage discussion between students except for those who already knew about politics. I believe more discussion could have been incorporated into the course I like the idea of using polling, as it makes the class more discussion-based. I thought the mix was appropriate, given that it was an intro class with a lot of material to cover. It\'s mostly lecture based, with a bit of discussions and fun/interesting poll questions. Lecture based class that cared a lot about student input. Lecture-based with class participation in the form of surveys and occasional partnered discussions of reading material. Mostly lecture, but during every class he asks for students to contribute, react, or refute points made during the lecture or from the reading. No complaints. Prof. Carey did a wonderful job of balancing the lectures with short, but meaningful discussions, where he encouraged everyone to participate See question 9. I do think that despite the skew towards lecture, Prof. Carey definitely tried to facilitate discussions. There is a lot of lecture and occasional discussion. The class could benefit from being switched to a 10a or 2a because when we would start getting into discussion we would run out of time. With Professor Carey\'s polls, the class had a pleasant structure for discussion, which accumulated to 5-15 minutes for most classes. The lectures were quite well done and easy to follow. engaging all around. all lecture but involved the class well in questioning and did a good job using the polls more discussion could have helped . A little more room for small group discussion may have helped with information synthesis. All lecture. Almost entirely lecture. Expected for an intro course. Daily lectures, but the professor was often open to questions leading to class discussions. Disliked, see above I think it was a good mix and professor was extremely knowledgeable and helpful Lecture but the prof asks questions every class session. Most of the class was lecture and would have benefitted Mostly Lecture Mostly all lecture Mostly lecture not much discussion Mostly lectures N/A Some of the times when we would delve into class discussion went flat.  Maybe having a participation grade would help us or to just set the precedent that these discussions would occur and that we were expected to participate at the beginning of the course. The class is mostly lecture and some discussion. Since the class is relatively large, discussion is typically a smaller part of each class. The lecture was good, but it might have been better with more discussion. The lectures were interspersed with questions, and I had very little trouble staying engaged. Too much lecture Very good mix. mostly lecture - Again incorporating more discussion elements might enhance the learning experience for students. All lecture, but Professor Horowitz interacted with the class a lot within lectures. Great. I think more discussion would have been nice, but the lectures were engaging nonetheless I think that it was very heavy on lecture. More discussion would have been beneficial More lecture based than discussion Mostly lecture The class is entirely lecture, but Professor Horowitz did a good job including students in the class by asking questions and listening to input, and it was a good experience. The class was almost all lecture. There was sometimes a little bit of time for questions. There was a good mix of lecture and discussion given the amount of material that needed to be covered. lecture more discussion would be better All lecture, but good ones. All lecture. Even though the lectures were very interesting there could be still more discussions in order to hear other opinions and develop your own. I think the mix was done well. The class was not discussion heavy but students did have an opportunity to ask questions and discuss throughout the lecture. I thought it was a good balance. I would have liked more discussion that wasn\'t based on answering questions and was clearly just discussion. I would’ve liked more class discussion instead of just lecture It was perfect. We would always be able to ask questions in class, and Horowitz balanced the lecture and discussion time perfectly. Mostly lecture, appropriate for this type of course Mostly lecture, more small group discussions could have been utilized but not necessary. Mostly lecture, understandably so given it is an intro, but adequate discussion and a chance to weigh in N/a Needed more discussion The class is lecture-based.   The class was heavily lecture based, and this was likely because the professor needed to cover a lot of information in the 10-week span. The class was mainly lecture but sometimes had a little discussion mixed in. The class was mostly lecture, although if students had questions, they could ask during the lecture, which was helpful. The class was mostly lecture. The structure of the class was good. It was mainly lecture based and could have used some more discussion maybe. However, I learned a lot and I definitely liked the class. The structure was mostly lecture, but I thought this was necessary and ideal. all lecture too much lecturer. A lot of it was information I had already learned about in other government classes. Continuing with my major Going to pursue a Gov. major! I am more excited about my GOVT major. I am thinking of pursuing a Government major. I loved this course and am very excited to continue with Government at Dartmouth. I think it influenced it very positively. I think it was a very good intro to govt course for first years. However, I have heard that intro to comparative government is very different from the other intro govt courses like intro to American Politics or intro to International Politics. Govt 05 and Govt 03 from what I heard had a more competitive atmosphere, more heavy class participants compared to Govt 04 where the class was more relaxed and there was less spread out participation across the class. I want to major in government. I will continue in the Govt department, potentially with more classes in the 4s than I originally intended I will continue taking government courses - and I am pretty interested in comparative politics now. I\'m not going to take any more government classes, but it was a solid course. Increased my interests in Politics. It enhanced my academic experience by making it engaging and thought-provoking. It has enriched my knowledge about the world and has made me strongly consider majoring in government. It made me appreciate different styles of learning and made me want to consider Govt as a major. It made me think twice about being a Government major. (I am not a 100% sure anymore, it somewhat discouraged me) It really made me consider Government as a major! It sort of scared me for the future in the government department, but it was interesting and hopefully next time the professor is more invested in the class than other research outside of this class. It taught me how important it is to read material not just to finish your homework, but to understand the text. It was a good exposure to the level of rigor at the school One of the best introductory courses at Dartmouth. Planning on government major or minor. Proud government major This course showed me that great professors do exist at Dartmouth. This was my first government class and I am so glad that I had the chance to learn so much in such a short period of time.  I know i want to take more Govt classes now! You haven\'t seen the last of me, professor! Very interesting! I loved the material and concepts presented Very much enjoyed it, will pursue a major in this department While it was a rather challenging course for me to keep up with, it helped me adjust to Dartmouth\'s pace and I found it very interesting. It was a very positive experience, and I hope I can take another government class. interested in studying more closely ethnic and civil conflict Before this class and taking a gov class before, I considered abandoning my plan of majoring in gov. After this class, I have changed my mind. Being Government my intended major and Govt 4 my first class at Dartmouth, I was positively impacted by the academic experience I had in the class. What I learned in Govt 4 and discussed with Professor Carey gave me many ideas of what to pursue in the future at Dartmouth. Convinced me that maybe comparative politics is not my forté. I am a gov major, but this was unlike any other gov class I have taken at Dartmouth! I am planning on taking another government course in the future at Dartmouth. I enjoyed this class. I am taking a course in the winter term because I liked this course so much I did not like the course while I was in it, but now I appreciate everything I learned and will hopefully take more gov courses in the future. I enjoyed the course and it has made me seriously begin to consider majoring in government and taking another class with Professor Carey at some point, hopefully later this year. I intend to be a gov major niw I really enjoyed this course and is a large part of why I chose this Department to major in. I thoroughly enjoyed this course, it reinforced my intrigue in political science and government. I want to major in government and/or spent more time in the government department after this class! It enhances my reading ability and reinforces the belief that all fields of knowledge are connected It overall influenced it in a positive way. Professor Carey was a really cool, engaging professor who was doing amazing work in his field. It was definitely a really difficult adjustment as a freshman, but felt like a college course. It reassured that I want to keep studying gov It reinforced the hope of possibly majoring in government. It satisfied a required class for my major. However, if I took the class as a freshmen, I would not have found the class to be particularly drawing to the government major because of its high difficulty level and how the exams were very detail-focused. Learned a lot Made me excited for more gov Made me interested in other things in the Government Department like Game theory Managing reading volume incredibly helpful + felt endowed with much greater knowledge in matters discussed. N/A Na Think it will be my major This course helped me realize that I do not want to major in government. This course served as a great way to begin my academic career at Dartmouth. It showed me that I must put in the work in order to be successful in these types of courses. Very positively. Though it was really challenging, I am now leaning towards majoring in government. Want to major in Gov and take more classes in this dept! great introductions to some concepts in government formation and comparative politics Although it was hard, I still enjoyed the course. I think I will be a GOV. major and this definitely didn\'t hurt the chances of that thought continuing on. Did not strongly influence my academic experience. Further confirmed my government major. I loved this class and it helped me feel as if understanding the big bad world of government is possible. Professor Carey made the information and accessible and emphasized its importance incredibly well. GOVT 4 was by far my favorite class this term Gave me a feel for government courses at Dartmouth. I definitely learned a lot of interesting things from this class but it wasn\'t as stressful compared to some of my other classes. Great introduction to the academic setting at Dartmouth. It helped me establish effective forms of reading and studying. It has shown one perspective of social sciences and has prompted an interest in Government. Helped me choose my major and specific government interests I already wanted to major in government with an international relations and somewhat of a comparative politics focus and this course helped confirm that I am making the right choice. I am very happy that I decided to take this course and it contributed quite positively to my decision to pursue the major. I appreciated Professor Carey and his enthusiasm for the subject. I would highly recommend this course, even if you think you might not find the subject material interesting. I did learn a lot about democracies and was intrigued to take a class on Latin America since we concentrated on the government countries in this continent have I enjoyed the class and will take another government class in the future I enjoyed this class and it makes me consider majoring or minoring in government. I feel like I came away from Gov 5 with a better understanding of international politics, versus I feel like I came away from Gov 4 with more knowledge about the arguments of a dozen authors. I now have two Gov intro courses under my belt and Gov 10 so I am excited to move forward in the department. I found an interest for political theory that I never knew I had. I am thinking about pursuing game theory. I love learning about world politics. I will be a more engaged American citizen in our democracy and informed global citizen in keeping up with the news. I really enjoyed it and it makes me more inclined to consider a government major at Dartmouth. I was interested in studying government, but this class taught me to select my classes very carefully. I will continue to pursue the a major in Gov. I will probably be majoring in government, I really liked Prof. Carey and the class material was interesting and engaging. I will probably look to minor in Government instead of majoring. It definitely made me sure that I am interested in Gov, overall a good course. It gave me a sense of what scholars research in comparative government. It was a very informative course. It has helped me decide on a major to pursue. It has inspired me to pursue more government courses while attending Dartmouth It kind of dissuaded me from pursuing a government major. The material was very interesting and felt important, but I couldn\'t see myself in a future career in government. It really increases my desire to become a gov major. It really strengthened my interest in government. It was good. I was a gov major before this class, and I still am a gov major. No big influence. Learned so much and had fun, too Made me realize that intro classes isn\'t reflective of the \'small classroo  close professor relationship\' that Dartmouth promotes. Made me realize I am not that interested in comparative politics. Made me want to major in government! Motivated me to continue taking Gov courses Secured my interest and government, hopeful to take another class with Professor Carey. Taking this class reaffirmed some of my thoughts about pursuing government as a possible major. This class was a wonderful introduction to the Government department at Dartmouth: I feel so lucky to be here! This course definitely made me more interested in political theory. This course gave me a glimpse into the Government department at Dartmouth and what courses are like. However, I\'m uncertain how my experiences in an introductory class translates to more higher-level seminar courses. This course has given me a good understanding of the many factors that comprise a democracy and how those factors manifest themselves in the real world. In this time of democratic backsliding and increasing authoritarianism around the world, this course has kindled my interest in pursuing government at Dartmouth to help write the next chapter in the annals of history. This course helped inform my decision for my intended major. This course influenced my academic experience at Dartmouth by cementing my decision to major in Government and reinforcing my love of politics and international relations. This course made me interested in gov. I am strongly considering taking more gov classes. This course made my experience at Dartmouth more enjoyable. This course opened my eyes to just how much reading a Prof can assign. This course reinforced my desire to study and likely major in Government at Dartmouth. This course was very interesting in content to me and helped me narrow my interest to government. This is one of my favorite courses i have taken at dartmouth This is the last time in my Dartmouth Career I will ignore my hatred of large classes. The topic could have been interesting, but the combination of little discussion with readings I sometimes struggled to get through led to this class being a bit of a misstep. This was my first government course at Dartmouth because I only figured out my major last spring, and although the exams were somewhat challenging, this class made me very excited to continue pursuing the major and my plans for a career. Will pursue major in government. definitely wondering if government is the right choice for me it gave me background knowledge on the state of many of the world\'s democracies and caused me to be more curious about what factors influence/are necessary for a functioning democracy kind of improved it; found it pretty interesting, if not too broad but it\'s an intro course so understandable Has allowed me to further explore my passions in international studies. I am taking more government classes for my major. I definitely learned a lot in 10 weeks, which was very fulfilling; also got a much better understanding and appreciation for world politics and global events through a political lens I learned more about democracy and different political systems. I think i am ready to take more government classes. It gave me confidence I thoroughly enjoyed this course - It has been one of the most engaging and relevant courses I have taken at Dartmouth. I thought it was really interesting, but I\'m probably not going to pursue Gov I will be taking more government classes because of it. It was amazing - I like the gov department a lot Made me consider Government as a major Reduced my interest in comparative politics This course has inspired me to minor in government. This course helps towards my major and helped me get a deeper understanding of international governments. This course made me more aware of what is going on in the world why certain things are happening in the world. This has been one of the best courses I have taken at Dartmouth! Through this course, I realized that comparative politics is not necessarily my forte in political sciences/government studies. This class helped me hone in my interests in the broad field of government, law, and public policy. Very informative loved the course but don\'t know what the next logical course would be n/a not too big of an influence, but I may end up minoring in gov. taught me about another part of government/another way of thinking about politics (comparative politics) I enjoyed the class and the content. I got a soc distributive but don\'t think I\'m going to do anymore soc after this I really liked the course because I was able to explore different topics in the realm of comparative politics. I am now interested in terrorist conflicts and I would love to continue taking courses in that field. It has made me consider majoring in Government. It helped me fulfill my prerequisites towards a government major. It made me reconsider if I want to be a Government major. It was a necessary intro course. It was good to take. Understand comparitive politics a bit better now. It was my second introduction class for my Gov major so I had to take it but it got me more interested in comparative politics than I was before! It\'s in my major, I enjoyed it Learned ideas from around the globe Major N/A Not really, finishing up, but continued to show me that the government department is full of amazing professors. This course had a very positive influence on my Dartmouth experience and on my experience with the government department. This class was very enjoyable and I hope to be able to take more courses with Professor Horowitz. Will study comparative politics Would consider taking additional Government courses. A well organized and informative course Continued my interest in the Government department at Darmouth Good I had to take this class to fulfill a major requirement and I generally enjoyed my experience in class I loved this course. It made me look at government structure around the world with a new lens. I will continue my government major I will probably continue with the government minor. In a good way. Made me love he gov department even more Might consider taking more comp. politics courses One of the best intro classes here I\'ve taken. Requirement This course has greatly enhanced my Dartmouth academic experience as it has reflected the uniqueness of the Government Department that caters to a vast array of interests and concepts. As a Government Major I absolutely loved this class and I look forward to exploring the field of Government at Dartmouth College. This course has taught me that for government I am going to be challenged critically, I need to better memorize facts. -I\'ve been interested in government and I still am, but don\'t think I want to major in it. Fulfilled an interest but showed me government is too theoretical for my interests I continue to want to major in Government--this was my second gov class, and I really enjoyed it. I only took it for the requirement but it was nice! I really enjoyed it and am planning to continue taking government classes. Was a very applicable course and I found the material/topics very interesting. It greatly enhanced my dartmouth experience. I look forward to taking more classes in the government department, particularly with this professor. Made me more interested in comparative politics classes! N/a No influence on my experience beyond affirming my intent to major in Government. Not taking another govt intro class again, hated both intro classes Professor Horowitz is incredibly articulate and an amazing lecturer--it was truly inspiring how he managed to spark interest in topics/countries I wasn\'t necessarily interested in after the initial readings. The course affirmed my interest in Government and the subfield of comparative politics. The subject matter was interesting. I will consider taking other comparative politics courses in the future. This course helped me in thinking about whether to major in government. It has encouraged me to continue to explore the department. This course introduced me to a new subject and helped me assess my interests. Very interesting material Very positively. I learned a lot and enjoyed doing it. just needed to take it - this course exposed students to a variety of political issues across the globe, and definitely broadened our perspectives Encouraged me to take more courses in comparative politics Enhanced Feel well prepared for future upper level government courses; theoretical concepts in the course improved my social science literacy. Great experience in the class I don\'t think I will be focusing on comparative politics; this is only my second course that is reading extensive (govt 5, past) and I am in without foundational knowledge about comparative politics and feel like I have only learned basics, and cannot recall them well. I enjoyed some aspects of this class but I realized Government was not for me, although it did improve my studying techniques. I felt that this has helped me hone my concentration for what I want to study in government. I really enjoyed learning from Professor Carey. I also felt the information was very interesting, important, and extremely relevant to the current state of the world. I think I\'ll consider a focus in comparative politics. I\'ve had a really positive experience with all of my government classes here at Dartmouth. The professors are all excellent and well-known in their field, the classes are very engaging and informative, and have helped me write better. It checked off another requirement on my major box. I had already been exposed to the material via other courses I had done in the major. It has helped to make me start thinking of possible ideas for my senior year thesis. It made me consider taking more courses in comparative politics and I think that I now will be more prepared and aware on how to go about studying comparative politics government courses offered by the college. It was a great way to tied my government minor at Dartmouth, the course explained everything I learned on my own through my advanced government classes (wish I had taken this earlier now) This course convincing me to major in Gov This course has kept me excited about my major. I think that a better understanding of the internal workings of governments will benefit me in analyzing why countries interact with each other in the way they do. This was a very enjoyable course, and inspires me to take a class detailing elections in the future. However, it also has reinforced my perception that much of international relations lacks concrete policy, which also leads me to consider taking classes in the 60s detailing law and more concrete concepts. it really did not. this was a prerequisite its making me consider a path in comparative politics for my major made me realise I want to major in Government very positively. wasnt very oriented towards gov before but im taking another course in the department next term because of it . Definitely want to take more Govt classes, and with Professor Horowitz if possible Didn\'t really influence my experience. I am now considering being a gov major. I am taking another course with Professor Horowitz next term! I look forward to being able to continue my studies in the government department. I thought it was very interesting I took AP stats in high school and tested out of the Gov stats requirement, but this class made me want to review stats and try to take Gov 10 or another stats class at Dartmouth. Prof Horowitz walks students through all the tougher stats and modeling in the research papers we read, and no prior knowledge is required, but I found that the research methods were interesting and would like to explore them more. I also want to take more comparative gov classes. I want to be a Gov major now I want to be a Gov major, but this course sucked. The material was interesting, but he teaching was ridiculous. I\'m sure I want to major in government now. Inspired me to take more courses in comparative politics. It helped me decide on a government major It kept me interested in majoring in government. It was a positive experience, might take more gov classes in the future. It was for my major Less interested in comparative politics Made me want to take more Government classes Major. N/A Solidified my interest in comparative politics gov track. While I am still interested in a Gov minor/major, this class tempered my enthusiasm for the department, and I will be taking a break. The reading was backbreaking, and the class adequate but unexciting. - I\'ve decided that I will continue taking classes within the government department. Didn\'t hurt it Good introduction to comparative politics - getting a sense of what the sub-field is like I am interested in taking more classes in the department   I am now interested in taking more government courses I enjoyed it I enjoyed the course. I found the case studies interesting and I may take more government classes in the future I gave up on majoring in Government despite my huge passion for Political Science and my future career plans. I learned a a LOT about comparative politics, strengthened my reading and analytical skills in the social sciences, and I realized that I\'d love to take more Gov classes in the 40s and 50s! I\'ll try different departments for major Make the Government Department Great Again. This course encouraged me to continue taking government courses at Dartmouth with hopes of pursuing a minor in government. This course provided an intro course for the Government major. It also got me very interested in comparative politics, and I think I may take more classes in the field in the future. attracted me to government more  I really enjoyed the course, and unfortunately I\'m a senior so I won\'t get to take many more classes, but I certainly would take more comp politics classes and wish I\'d taken this earlier so I\'d known I really liked it Didn’t Discovered I\'m not interested in government Happy I took a gov class I have developed a further interest in government, but maybe towards a different area of government than that of GOV 04. I know that while I enjoy international politics, I\'m not sure if that also translates to comparative politics. I liked it it was interesting I realized I don\'t want to major in government. However, I learned so much about the world, and it was a very interesting class. I really enjoyed it and hope to take another government class in the future. Interesting experience in my Freshman year and it excited me to take more Government courses. It convinced me that a government minor would be something enjoyable. It gave me a great exposure to comparative politics. It made me more interested in comparative politics. Made me realize I wanted to major or minor in gov! N/a Solid course in gaining an introduction to comparative politics. This class had a positive influence on my academic experience because the professor was great and the class was very interesting so it made me more engaged in learning. This course made me enjoy the Government department more. This course made me want to pursue a major in Government. This course taught me to become both a better reader and note-taker since we had to distill a relatively small set of information from a large volume of reading. Was interesting taking a intro course as a senior, I learned more than I thought I would. I do wish that gov profs in general (including Prof. Horowitz) would assign more contemporary readings. For example, I think its stupid to read a theory on why the Soviet Union collapsed that was written in 1993. hated it, tuned me away from the gov department which clearly doesn\'t want more people. Professor Horowitz provided good lectures on interesting content. The key is to do/skim the readings and take thorough notes in class. It is also helpful to date your notes as you can use them as evidence with the lecture date in the final paper. Study well for the exams (there were two midterms in 20W) and know the ideas of each author. If you are looking for a comprehensive introduction to comparative government, and especially authoritarianism, this is a great course. The class itself is doable and even interesting at times. Jeremy, however, is another story. Never have I ever met a Professor so condescending and uncomfortable around students. He frequently laughed at students who would ask questions in class as well as squirmed away and glared if you ever tried to approach him after lectures. I think the worst moment was meeting with him during office hours alone (always go with a partner!). Though he invited us to come in and ask questions, he mocked my belligerent nature and mistook my asking questions about my exam as personal attacks on his exam. Are you going to argue another one, huh? You really like to argue don\'t you. NO! How did you not pick up on this! I said it like every day in class! Horowitz needs a serious attitude adjustment. Making fun of a freshman with, at the time, a genuine interest in Government and making me feel bad about engaging in critical thinking via asking questions seriously does not adhere to Dartmouth values. He is the kind of teacher who pushes you back into the comfort zone, encouraging you to stay silent, take notes, and not make a peep. If you are passionate about the subject, I would wait to take it with someone else or look into upper level 40s instead of this class.  I took this class my sophomore year, so I felt well-prepared, but I think I would have only gotten the median as a freshman because the class requires careful reading and studying in preparation for short-answer exams. The exams have fair and not overly nitpicky questions, but can still be tricky because Prof. Horowitz is a somewhat strict short answer grader. The tests also require good time management - the first exam required us to complete 58 short answer questions in 60 minutes, but he shortened the test length to 50 questions in 60 minutes - which was manageable but still not easy due to the academic rigor of the tests. His curves are generous to students who perform below the median, however, and it\'s fairly difficult to get below a B or B- on his exams, so don\'t stress! There were no pop quizzes - other Gov 4 profs sometimes do have them, though - and our grade was determined by a first hour-long exam (33%), a second long-exam (33%), and a five-page final paper based on the fourth unit of the material (33%). There is about 35-40 or so pages of reading assigned for each class meeting (with some historical readings occasionally that are longer but that we can read more quickly / holistically), so make sure to allot at least 3-4 hours (or longer, if you\'re a slow reader like me). Prof. Horowitz goes over the readings well in class but you still need to do them in order to do well on his exams. Overall, this was a good class - for an intro Gov course or otherwise - and I would recommend it. I learned a lot because Prof. Horowitz chose the readings very carefully and they connect to one another very well! He is also a very nice prof and is extremely knowledgeable about comparative politics. This class had two exams and a final paper, which were each 33% of the grade. The readings varied from super interesting case studies to mundane, data-heavy, and theoretical. Professor Horowitz is clearly an expert on the subject, but his lectures are essentially recaps of the reading, so class seems redundant most of the time. The tests are quite difficult, made of entirely short answer questions. The final essay was a nice, easy way to end the course. Overall, it was a good course.  Lectures are very interesting and entertaining. Barely any discussion. Readings are somewhat dense and stat heavy. Tons of readings(30-100 pages per class), but it is somehow expected for gov department. He places his presentation into canvas after class and pretty much covers what you can expect on exams in class with minor exceptions. Horowitz tries to make his course more fun than you could expect from intro course in govt department. 1st part: the transition from autocracy to democracy or why it never happens based on cases from China, USSR, Arab Spring, etc. 2nd part: electoral systems comparison based on cases from Rwanda, South Africa, Yugoslavia. Final: 5 pages essay. Didn\'t have quizzes or actual final exam. He was playing with numbers a little bit if you didn\'t do too good on the first midterm to improve grades, but it\'s only critical if you\'re in between grades. Strict essay/short answer grader. Seems like he\'s interested mostly in Africa. Couple times canceled classes after major snowstorms. Held office hours and was available outside of those. Such an interesting class and topics. First govt class I have taken at Dartmouth and it was a great introduction and made me want to pursue a major. Horowitz is great and easy to understand. Exams aren\'t too bad if you study hard and know the material fairly well. I took this class in my first term at Dartmouth, and had an excellent time. Professor Aha did a great job at clearly illustrating the necessary material we needed to know through her presentations, and always provided ample opportunity to contribute in engaging discussions. The assessments were quite straightforward: blog-posts, a presentation, a midterm and a final. While the final, in particularly, is quite content heavy, if you\'re engaged throughout the course and put in the effort to study, it is not difficult to score highly. Professor Aha was frequently available to answer any questions or provide clarification during office hours, and I found these to be extremely helpful, especially when preparing for the midterm and midterm. She conducted a great class and is kind and knowledgeable — I highly recommend taking one of her classes. Note: Given the median of Gov courses is capped at a B+, I believe the 19F course was curved slightly downwards. I found the midterm and the exam to be the biggest differentiators of student performance, so put extra effort in preparing for these to score good marks and not be impacted by the curve.