Three exams was a lot, but I really had to learn the material well in preparation of the exams. There was only one paper, a 750 word Op-Ed. I think having one more writing assignment of that length but more analytical would be a good addition to the course (important to write analytical papers in a Government Course). Exams and papers Exams were fair. I liked the structure of the examinations and assignments, but I wish there was less reading. I think Professor Wohlforth wrote very fair exams. The format of the exams were easy to follow and manageable in the time limit. The reading load was heavy during this course, but the readings were interesting. I thought that writing the op-ed was a really amazing experience and I enjoyed doing so. I like doing writing like that so having the opportunity to express myself through that type of writing was interesting. Unfortunately, the professor said that he would only give feedback if it were handed in before the last week of class and I think that we should get feedback no matter what. It\'s an intro level government course and to know if kids actually want to continue doing government or taking more classes it would be helpful to have as much guidance and feedback as possible. I thought the evaluation method was effective. I thought the workload was fair. It was very reasonable. Taken together, the midterms, op-ed, memos, and final seem like they will provide a very fair assessment of my knowledge of the course. There\'s a lot of reading for the course, but not so much that it seems unfair to expect of students Tests were great, thought the final was a little too broad The evaluations were fair for an introduction course. The professor utilizes two in class midterms, an op-ed paper and one take home final exam to evaluate the students. The weekly workload should be approximately four to five hours per week. The tests were very fair and there was one op-ed that we turn in at the very end The workload I thought was excessive, but that is because I am a slow reader and found the readings to be very dense and often hard to follow.  I think the class would have been more manageable with a central text. The workload was manageable and the combo of exams, op-eds and Statecraft was highly effective. There were two short answer exams. Very memorization based. The final exam was online and involved two essay questions and was more cumulative and about applying the concepts that you learned. One op-ed paper. Thought it was a very fair way to assess the course based on what we were learning in this course. They were fair. I liked writing the op-ed, but I wish there were examples or a clear rubric / more talk about it. I also enjoyed doing the online final exam. Two midterms, a final and a simulation. Two tests, one essay-based final, one short paper. Very fair, not too much work, but very fast paced exams. It works out on the grading curve but it was still lightning. We had two midterms, a final, and an op ed. We also had to participate in Statecraft, and we had 2 quizzes for that. There were multiple hours of readings a night, which were very intense and time-consuming. Work load was fair Test were good but structurally problematic; timing issues Worked well and made though think hard. Interactive virtual game was awesome. Workload was fair and evaluation was rough in terms of the midterm. lots of necessary readings, tests were great just needed more time, papers were fun to write for this class 2 exams and an end of term paper. If you did the readings and listen to lectures, it is all there. 2 exams, 1 paper, 1 simulation. 2 midterms, 1 final paper (5-6 pages) 60% for 2 midterms (a little rushed for time); 30% for final paper; 10% participation in negotiation crisis simulation All of the methods of evaluation made a lot of sense were fair assessments of what we had learned. Didn\'t like the tests. Paper was okay. Good Good and fair mix. Good mix of tests and paper. I liked the mix of assement styles. More short paper responses could be helpful too. It was good. Liked the tests, paper topic was really interesting, and simulation was creative (albeit a little long and not super structured) Midterm, final, short 6pg paper, weekend government simulation, participation Readings were intense. They were all useful but I was constantly overwhelmed. Tests were very reasonable. Papers were a bit nerve-wracking because we only had one so I didn\'t know whether I was on the right track. Tests were hard The exams were very fair. I just wish we could get our exam packets back after they are graded. The midterms were very specific and I felt tripped up by them even though I did the reading. There is one final paper The tests are very fair according to the readings and the lectures. There is no new information that is thrown out. The tests are very memorization heavy. If you do the readings and put in some time to study, you will do well in this class. There are 2 exams and a paper. The workload was a lot of reading. There was a significant amount of reading due for each class. The number of tests was fine, but I would have liked if Professor Wohlforth went over them in class. I really enjoyed the final analysis paper because I finally had the chance to write about an actual international event using everything I learned from this course. Too much reading, but pretty fair exams (albeit a bit tough). I liked that the final was an essay. fair assessment of course material, well planned out first exam didn\'t really test knowledge of concepts but more memorization of material. second exam was a much better format. paper was a lot of fun to write, but is essentially a research paper. great tests were a bit specific but otherwise fine tests were very  hard and specific there were two test and a paper i thought the test were challenging but fair 2 big tests, 2 op eds, 1 final essay. too many readings. 2 midterms, 2 op-ed style short papers, 1 final analytical paper 2 midterms, 2 opeds, 1 final paper 2 test, 2 oped, 1 essay. Okay way to evaluate. The last test is a bit too close to the final periods to be called a in-class midterm. Again, I think the number of assignments for this course was way too many. 3 papers (although short) and 2 exams is a lot. I think the number of papers should be cut down to 1 longer one. B+ curve is an annoying thing. Probably won\'t be majoring in govt Fair assessments Good variety of everything. I do appreciate that he didn\'t simply have tests to assess his students, and his balance between writing assignements and exams definitely speaks to each students individual strengths. For an intro class I really believe that his way of assessing was helpful to the majority of the students. At times the reading material was a bit extreme, but also expected from an intro class. I liked how the first test was a bit easier than the second via types of questions asked and format. However, the paper topics were a bit vague which normally would be fine except I did not feel adequately equipped with enough knowledge to analyze IR and provide solutions to IR-related problems. I think the methods of evaluation chosen by the instructor - two quizzes, two op-eds, and a paper - were very effective for a class such as International Politics, and they definitely helped facilitate my learning experience. It was good. Two examinations with a final paper Tests were fair, wish final paper was more structured The Professor had a mix of two in-class exams, two short writing pieces, and one longer (1600-word) paper. Each day there were readings that helped facilitate each of these assessments. Overall, very manageable and self-paced. The methods of evaluation and workload were appropriate and as expected: three papers and two exams. There are two midterm exams, two short writing assignments, and a final paper. The reading workload is relatively heavy throughout the term. Because there are few assignments, it is very important to focus on each of them and manage your time wisely. Two midterms, two opeds and one final paper Workload was solid for an intro-level class, it was by no means a breeze but if you put in the effort it was manageable.  I liked that he gave us time and freedom to work on papers/choose topics that interested in us I thought his paper feedback was helpful Exams were fair and lined up with course material -i thought the short-response and essay-based tests were a better assessment of understanding than the fill-in-the-blank 1. The exams were challenging but fair 2. Students put a lot of effort into op eds but it wasn\'t always clear what the professor was looking for 2 op eds, 2 midterms and a final.  If you\'ve done the day-to-day work, they aren\'t bad, but if you haven\'t, they\'re difficult. 2 tests 2 papers. A bunch of reading but that\'s it in terms of work on a daily basis Did not like the fill in the blank test, however the other 2 exams were very fair and in my opinion a proper way of giving exams. Fair and varied so that poor test-takers had an opportunity to play to their strong suit of papers, and vice versa. Fine except for the weight given to the first midterm. The first midterm should be worth 20% and the final should be worth 30%. That would be a better reflection of each student\'s work and simply be a fairer method of evaluation. Great and fair I feel as if the evaluations were fair. However, at times, the reading load was very heavy and often overwhelming when combined with the work being done for other classes. I like the two midterm thing. I preferred the second midterm; I think the composition value is better than fill in the blank. I liked the op eds I thought they were an interesting change from the essays of other classes. I liked the second exam\'s format, but I never felt like I exactly knew what to include, even if I understood the topic completely. For example, on the first exam, I shortened my responses because the directions encouraged brevity, but I had extra time and could have written more on each subject. The readings were not too much and usually interesting. I think the explanations for the first test, and how rigorous it was, should be explained to the students. I thought the essays and tests were applicable to my understanding. Very interesting to hear from Mr.Hertzberg! I thought the midterms were fair, but I did poorly on the first one and it was hard to get my grade back up. I thought the op-eds were very helpful. I learned a lot about the concepts from class by applying them in the op-eds. The midterms were fine, but I would suggest making it more clear what will be on them. The final was also fair. I thought the professor had fair measures of evaluation. I thought the tests and op eds were effective. I also liked the take-home final exam. It was a good mix of writing and taking tests, I thought. Like variety of exams -- especially final take home Maybe ore varied, less of just writing. Less of time constraint on tests. Op-eds allowed us to apply the course material and exams tested the material directly. It was a good balance. Our professor would evaluate our papers and tell us how we can improve them. He would also elaborate on topics that we went over in class during his office hours. Perfect balance between writing and testing. Professor Wohlforth grades critically. Test,  papers exams  Tests and papers. Tests were very fair, op ed papers were fun to write and helped my improve a different aspect of my writing. Workload depended on each student. Students could get by with doing relatively little work, however, thorough reading and review made exams a very rewarding experience. The exams were impressively  fair The grading was broken down fairly between two op eds, two in-class exams and a final. The structure of the course was perfectly suited to the material. The first exam required heavier studying and a good amount of memorization. The second exam required less studying but more critical thinking. The final exam was a fitting wrap-up that was challenging, but didn\'t require too much time during a hectic finals week. The OpEds were thrown in to keep students engaged. I liked all of it. The tests were fair, and I enjoyed the freedom of choosing our own topics for our op-ed pieces. The tests/final exams were a pretty evaluations, as were the op-eds. The op-eds were great because it allowed you to apply course material to current issues, which is the most exciting part of the class. The first exam was too factual and more about recalling/memorizing facts, but the last two exams were writing based, which was easier to showcase your knowledge of material. The workload expected was not high, but the exams and op-eds ensured that students are paying attention on a day to day basis. The workload was more than I could handle with my other courses. I thought the first midterm was too detail-specific; in my experience, such detail-specific learning and expectations don\'t contribute greatly to my learning. I appreciated the open-ended nature of the second midterm and final much more. The workload was proper and a fair test The workload was very fair and Professor Wohlforth gave ample warning of when assignments were coming up/due/ There were 2 midterms, one final and two essay-type opinion-editorials. The workload was heavy, especially the daily reading materials. There were three total tests, two midterms and one final, as well as two papers (op-eds). The workload in terms of assessments was decent, but the readings were sometimes a little too heavy. On weeks when we had x-hours, I found myself spending hours and hours in the library every day trying to get all of the readings done and it felt a little excessive. Very reasonable Workload was standard, but as mentioned before, grading feedback could have been better. i think there should have been more small assignments such as handing in a couple sentance summary of each of the readings i thought the reading was a little overly demanding at times, some of the readings were really repetitive where the author kept saying the same concepts in different ways. less weight should be put on fill-in the blank - at least do multiple choice, because there is little room for error. All lecture as a result of the amount of course material. Understandable, but I think discussions are essential to digesting course material, so perhaps including a few discussions here and there would go a long way. A lot of lecture but still great. A lot of lectures, but there were good time left open for questions, and a couple classes for discussion. (Such is an intro class - can\'t be helped.) Almost entirely lecture, but with enough discussion to encourage questions. Great lectures, minimal discussion. Lecture slides were rarely useful out of class I did not think the time spent on statecraft was not very beneficial for my learning. I think the mix was pretty good, but there is not a ton of discussion other than talking about the statecraft simulation I wish we had formal weekly discussions (instead of statecraft meetings, maybe setting up TAs with different groups of students each week to talk about weekly themes perhaps with examples). It was interesting to add in the statecraft simulation to break up the all lecture class. I enjoyed that a lot, it just needs to be better structured. It\'s virtually all lecture, but that\'s not a bad thing. Lecture Lecture heavy but that\'s how it should be. Pretty much all lectures. Had half a class to work on statecraft simulations and discuss that in groups. Pretty much entirely lecture. More discussion could\'ve been interesting but I do feel like I learned the most from the lecture anyway. The class is primarily lecture based. However, students will participate in active learning through a geo-political simulator on some of the class\' days. The class was mostly lecture, but the Statecraft discussion meetings were fun and were a great way to put what we learned in class into practice. The class was nearly 100% lecture. The only time that we didn\'t have lecture was when we were meeting for Statecraft sessions, which were more interactive. The class was structured as expected for an introduction course but I feel I would have benefited from having class discussions on current issue topics. The lectures were engaging, but there was not much discussion. But again, this may be the best way to do it because of the class size and nature. There was little discussion, but the lecture was fantastic. This class was purely a lecture, and I think it was very effective. The lectures were exciting and helped me learn the information well. Too much lecturing. perfect bbalance for a class like this, have to get through the slides and Prof. Wohlforth kept it very interesting 100% lecture, but in a good way. The lectures were entertaining and really contributed to the wealth of knowledge that this class provided. All lecture and one simulation All lecture. Good Good mix of lecture and discussion I think that the lectures were really beneficial, but I do wish that there was a little more discussion. It was all lecture Lectures every class, but they are sooooo good. Lectures got quite long. I liked the simulation though. Lectures were great. Not much discussion but I understand why it had to be like that. Lectures were sometimes hard to focus in such a warm room but they were effective. Lectures were useful Mainly lecture More discussion please Mostly lecture Mostly lectures Nearly all lecture Not enough discussion Predominantly lecture with a few opportunities to apply concepts covered in reading and lecture The class is completely lecture. It is an enjoyable class to be in, because Wohlforth is so good at lecturing. This course was mainly lectures. We rarely had any class discussions. all lecture but that\'s what I signed up for fine. good great it was mostly lecture with an awesome simulation lots of lecture Basically all was lecture and if a student asked a question he very rarely answered it affectively, I thought. Good balance, maybe a little more class discussion I think the classroom was much more of a lecture class than a discussion class, but this is to be expected for an intro government class. It was all lecture based maybe get the class more involved. More discussion could be added. More discussion wouldve been cool, but loved lectures Mostly lecture, but a bit of room for questions and discussion. I didn\'t feel super comfortable talking in class because of the class\'s size, but it fits with an intro course. Mostly lecture, we had a few discussions, and there would frequently be students asking questions. The class was lecture-focused, but the professor did often encourage questions during the lecture. The class was mostly lecture--even though Professor Wohlforth wanted more discussion. However, I think Wohlforth is a great lecturer, so I didn\'t mind. The class was solely lecture-based. I would have appreciated a participation grade to help with the balance in grade distribution and also encourage everyone to participate, especially in discussing how the reading connects to what we talk about in class. The course is an ideal mix between lecture and discussion. Usually only lectures which could get boring eventually a lot of lecture, a bit of discussion. Would have appreciated a bit more discussion a lot of lectures with questions from class mixed in completely lecture, no discussion. lecture All lectures which is great because it allows Wohlforth to talk for the whole class. Almost all lecture. Almost entirely lecture As mentioned before, could have been more focused on discussion rather than on lecture. Class was 100 percent lecture, except for the debate day which could be done more often because it required students to speak which isn\'t often done during lecture. Class was mainly lecture based, with certain days dedicated to discussion and debate. Could have been a little more discussion. I enjoyed it. I feel that more discussions would be very beneficial to the class, but I enjoyed listening to the lectures. One helpful thing might be to post lecture recordings or more detailed powerpoint notes on Canvas. I liked the structure of the class although i thought if more assessments were in place then my grade would be a more accurate measure of my performance and understanding. I really enjoyed the lectures. I really liked the lectures. I think the class focused heavily on lecture, which was fine! I definitely felt like I learned more on lecture days than discussion days. Plus, the lectures were super interesting, so I don\'t regret not having discussion at all! I thought more discussion would have been nice to hear other student\'s opinions and have the teacher offer direct feedback on how the students critically thought about issues. I thought the structure was good, I really liked the lectures. I thought there could have been more discussion. It was mostly lecture some discussion, but i gained a lot more from the lectures, so I appreciate the ratio. Lecture. Lectures were great, but I wish the professor could find a way to split us up into groups and incorporate more discussion as well More discussion would be good! More discussion, but worked towards this. Mostly lecture. Not a class where discussion was needed The class is mostly lecture, but Professor Wohlforth tried to keep things fresh by inviting guest lecturers, changing the formats of his presentations, and dedicating an entire class to discussion. The class was almost lecture-based. The class was heavily lecture with very little discussion. More of the discussion days would be helpful. The class was mostly lecture except for one class where we had a group discussion. The class was mostly lecture which worked effectively within its given constraints. The class was particularly a lecture class though questions were always welcome. The highest point of discussion was when the class was split into groups to debate a position on a given policy. The classes were almost all lecture, so it could be more engaging to mix in more discussions. The lectures were great and I really enjoyed the one class where we had a debate about AHI. The mix was pretty good I thought. I honestly enjoyed being lectured, especially since they were so good. The stucture of the class is almost completely lecture, but we did have a couple of opportunities to engage in discussion. There could have been a little more discussion mixed into lectures. There was too much lecture; I wish there had been more discussion, which would be much easier in a smaller classroom. There wasn\'t a lot of discussion but I actually didn\'t mind Thought it was all good, could\'ve had more discussion - the one day we did about humanitarian intervention was fun Too much lecture Too much lecture, but it was very good. Professor was actually very good about implementing discussion when possible. We had one debate day, and I wish we had more of them enjoyed guest lectures, would like less lecture but not really feasible at such large class size i understand that it would be difficult to teach this class not as a lecture, but i prefered it when he switched things up such as the debate we did one class lecture and presentations  mostly lecture. there was little discussion, but the few discussions were not very helpful. Absolutely loved the course. I\'m beyond torn between three majors, Engineering, History, and Government (not an easy choice!), and this class was definitely a great start to potentially pursuing Government. Another good experience in the department and another consideration of the major. Critical thinking Definitely want to major in gov now Good intro for my gov major going forwards. Helped me explore my interest in government I am now much more interested in Government. I would like to major in it. I enjoyed this class, and am considering taking another in the department, but not sure yet I greatly enjoyed this class!  Even though it was very difficult for me, I am considering a minor or possible major in Government. I loved this course. I would highly recommend it to anyone. I will definitely look into taking more government courses at Dartmouth after this experience. I really enjoyed it and would consider taking courses about international security/law or other midlevel IR courses now. Still a government minor. I thought the statecraft simulation was a good touch and if we can integrate it more into the class fully it will be a great part of Gov 5. I was considering getting a second major in government and I don\'t think that my grade is going to be quite what I want but I found the professor really interesting and the material super engaging so I think I\'ll try more classes and get a minor or complete the full major. I\'m probably going to study IR further within my government major. It contributed to my desire to pursue a career in government. It definitely made me consider a path in the government department which is something that wasn\'t on my radar before. I thought the class was very interesting and has definitely influenced the classes I will consider taking in the future. It made me more knowledgable of government issues and the department in general. It reinforced my desire to be a government major. It reinforced my interest in government. Made me sure that I want to be a government major. Really enjoyed this course and will definitely influence my decision to major in government, but I will also be taking more gov classes, especially with this prof. This course did not positively influence my experience at Dartmouth. I thought I was really going to enjoy this class, but the obscene amount of readings and the very detailed test questions ruined it for me. I couldn\'t even enjoy the class because I was so worried about picking up on everything from lecture that could potentially be the tiniest detail I missed on one of the midterms. This course greatly enhanced my academic experience at Dartmouth. I plan to take several more international relations courses. made me more confident in my major decision Continued my interest in government Definitely will take more government classes for the minor. If I wasn\'t already a physics major, I\'d definitely be a gov major. I LOVE IR because of this class! (no sarcasm) I am heavily considering majoring in gov I am leaning away from gov courses. I definitely want to take more courses with Wohlforth, and it has solidified my goal of a studying government and international politics. I enjoyed it I enjoyed this as a course outside of my major. I hope to take more international relations classes. I probably am not an International Politics person but it was really interesting because I didn\'t know ANYTHING about that upon starting the course. I really enjoyed this course. It made me glad that I declared Gov\'t as my major! I will major in this department, and probably take more classes especially focused on international politics. It gave me tools to help analyze current international news. It has made me want to take more Gov classes. It made me want to take more classes with this prof in the future It was amazing and reminded me why I pay a million dollars to go here N/A This course made me read the most out of any course here at Dartmouth. I enjoyed the readings because I did get a lot of interesting and important information from them. However, what I really liked and what I have developed an interest in is writing about real events in the world. I would like to pursue the latter because I have learned to continue pursuing what I am interested in. This course made me want to take more government classes. This course was definitely a positive academic experience. Want to take more IR and more Wohlforth Will take more gov courses i found international relations interesting improved positive experience regret i didn\'t take more IR classes here the simulations was very cool / Excited to continue the gov major! Gov 5 was a class I\'ve been meaning to take out of interest for a few terms, I\'m very happy because I definitely learned a whole lot and the knowledge I gained gives lots of insight into my daily life as I read the news, etc. A fun and informative class with a great prof. Thumbs up. I am continuing on my path to become a government major I decided very early on in this class that I wanted to major in government, which definitely reflects my positive outlook on this class and the government department as a whole. I felt that I gained a much better understanding of international politics and IR theory. I also learned a lot about international finance and trade, which I feel is very important so it was good to get a broad overview. Overall this course felt like a typical intro course, but Professor Wohlforth made it more enjoyable. I now know I prefer US Politics to Foreign Policy as fields of study. I really liked this course, and it kinda changed what I wanted to pursue as my major field of study. I think this course has given me a special appreciation for practical implications of theory, which I otherwise would not had had. I think that Wohlforth did an excellent job of pointing me towards interesting topics and challenging me to think critically about IR issues as they relate to theory. It has contributed to my minor, and made me consider a double major with Government. Loved the class. reinforced why i want to major in government Made me excited about future GOVT classes Made me want to major in gov The course affirmed my interest in Government and the subfield of international politics. This course influenced my academic experience at Dartmouth by exposing me to all the areas of study within International Politics that I had never explored or known prior to taking this class. This course turned me a bit away from the Government major because I realized I was less interested in the course material and less excited to write the papers for the class. Was a great course Was a great overall class and I learned a lot. After taking this course I believe that I would like to take more government courses at Dartmouth. Gov 5 was a refreshing change from my STEM major. The material was different and I learned a lot, despite a meager background in international relations. The only disappointing part of the course was the lack of grade disparity; almost the entire class was grouped in the B+ to A- range which is a bit frustrating. The exams should have been harder. Great experience. I am now considering majoring in government! I am now considering pursuing a government minor. I felt much more informed about the world and intrigued in the international political stage. I found myself very interested in the International Political Economy section of the course and plan on taking econ and gov courses related to the topic. I had never taken a government class before, and I learned that I am very interested in this area of study. I have an enforced appreciation and interest in international relations. I may major in gov because of Wohlforth. I also am now considering trying to get into government or politics. I really liked this course. It has caused me to strongly consider majoring in the Government Department. I took this class because I was considering majoring in government. While I\'m no longer considering it, I think this class contributed to my intellectual growth, and I\'m glad I was able to learn about international politics before I proceed to my main areas of study. I\'m not a gov major, so I found this just to be an interesting extra class that I could use to broaden my understanding of the world If grew a real, and lasting interest in international relations for me. It confirmed that I want to be a government major, but that I don\'t want to concentrate in international relations. It convinced me that I would like to pursue either a major or a minor in Government! It encouraged me to major in government. It gave me a good base knowledge for the structure of international relations. It helped show me that I\'m not interested in International Politics as much as American Politics It influenced me a great deal. I now want to pursue a tract in international politics. Inspiring! It made me consider to want to major in Government. It reinforced the importance of a great professor. It was a useful course to take but it did not change my academic trajectory. It was great! It was interesting and expanded my knowledge about politics in general, a topic with which I was not very familiar. Made me interested in politics. Made me want to become a Govt Major Might major or minor in government. One of my favorites Positive -- considering Gov major and IR is really interesting Probably won\'t major in government, but definitely coming away from this class with a better understanding of international politics! Sparked an interest in gov This class helped me to learn more about the complexities and structure or government as well as government in international affairs. This class really increased my interest in the government department overall This course encouraged me to pursue a major in government. This course influenced me to look into more government classes at Dartmouth. This course made me want to take more classes in the government department and more classes specifically with Professor Wohlforth. This course was really interesting and made me want to take more gov classes. This has been one of my favorite courses here at Dartmouth. I think that the subject itself is so interesting and relevant, and thus I definitely want to take more foreign policy courses in the future. I also think this course solidified my interest in being a Government major. This was a very informative class. I\'m glad to have taken it and hope to take more government courses at Dartmouth. Thought more broadly about the world Very helpful basis for discussing politics great class, spurring me to take more gov classes i didnt know anything about gov before and it taught me a lot of interesting things to the extent that i am considering minoring in gov it made me more interesyed in the government department will likely major in government.Great introduction to IR. I did not have any background on IR, and I felt that the class was manageable. Prof Brooks is great about only giving readings that are necessary for class and has a manageable course load. He is very passionate about the class and interesting lecturer. One complaint would be that the grading is 2 midterms and 1 final paper. The midterms can be challenging b/c they are all fill in the blank and short answer, but they are sometimes curved The GOAT. There\'s really no other way to spin it. The dude\'s engaging, funny, and knows how to teach a damn good class. My only complaints: your grade is comprised of three scores, there\'s a decent bit of reading, and you need to attend lecture (or having a friend who takes THOROUGH notes) to ace exams. These are small issues, though (unless you\'re an absolutely lazy f***), that don\'t justify passing on the best class at Dartmouth As someone who did Model UN throughout high school and still continuing it in college (as a STEM major), I found the material in Govt 5 quite interesting. There were a lot of readings, and the two 40% midterms were quite intimidating, but the class gets curved UP to a B+ median, so it\'s all good. He doesn\'t give you back your score on the second midterm or the final paper, so 60% of your grade is kinda up in the air until you get your final grade on DartHub. I took Writ 5 and CS 10 with Govt 5 this term, so Govt 5 ended up being my easiest course. I made practice exams by making my own fill-in-the-blank questions, and about 1/3 of them showed up almost verbatim on the exam. Though Brooks has a good sense of humor, he conveys his political attitudes a bit too explicitly. I think his belief that America is the world\'s largest superpower may have to change considering the US\' ineffective treatment of COVID-19. But then again, he\'s a realist and probably had the same belief for several decades, so perhaps his thoughts remain unchanged. Overall a good class though with an eye-opening perspective on our world (mostly from America in an INTERNATIONAL politics course) This class was a really good intro to international relations and systems!! We started with theory for the first few weeks and then moved into applications, like the Iraq War, the Rwandan Genocide, apartheid, global environmental policy, and a bunch of other things. Prof. Powers also showed us a diagram of the class structure at the beginning of the class and checked in with it whenever we moved onto a new section. The class was really well organized and there were plenty of moments to discuss the topic in small groups, and Canvas posts were made available if you preferred not to contribute in class or if you had something longer to say. The midterms were straightforward and Powers sent us memos before each midterm spelling out what she wanted from us. She also passed around candy during the midterms which was really cute! The final was a 5 page paper double-spaced, so you need to be more concise than your average English argumentative paper. I regret not being able to go to office hours but I still felt like Powers was super approachable and kind, so definitely take this class with her Going into this class, I knew absolutely nothing about International Politics but took it anyways because I thought I would be interested in it. The structure of the course is the first few weeks are mainly theory, with sometimes dense and difficult readings. But after that it becomes more specific into how these theories apply to other aspects within the international system level. I highly recommend the class with Professor Powers because she is just so passionate about the material and the course. She is very open to meet with you outside of class, open to new / dissenting ideas, and just a great professor overall. As long as you do the readings and really understand each sides of theory and what the authors are discussing, you\'ll be fine. There are two midterms and a final paper. The midterms aren\'t bad as long as you pay attention and take good notes in class, and do all the readings. I highly recommend Professor Powers to anyone interested in taking this course This class was amazing. Professor Powers is SUCH a good teacher. Her tests were incredibly fair and they test all of the content material. You HAVE to do the reading, but they were all pretty interesting. Overall, best class I\'ve taken at Dartmouth so far. I learned SO much. I\'ve heard great things about Powers, but to be honest, I absolutely hated Lind. She seems to think her view is best and doesn\'t appreciate when you challenge her. Lot of work as well. Readings take about 2 hours for each class and you have to do them because she gives pop quizzes. Midterms are bizarre, only out of 33 points, so get 6 points off and it\'s already not looking to good. She\'s a very tough grader and not very understanding about missing classes (can be tough if you\'re an athlete or on debate). Wouldn\'t recommend this class with Lind Extremely fair exams, expect that all basic ideas from the material will be covered. Good class discussions. Brought in a guest speaker who worked for the Bush administration as the special envoy to north korea which was cool  I came into this class with no interest in international relations, but after this class I\'ve found my new favorite subfield within the government department. If you have the option of choosing between professors, take it with Powers. Even if you don\'t, wait a term to take it with Powers. She is incredibly passionate about teaching and creates a class environment that makes participation (which is 8% of the grade) easy, even in a class of 40. If you don\'t like talking in class, you can post on Canvas discussion boards. She\'s super fun to talk to in office hours and will answer any question about the class with full transparency. Her transparency is one of the best things about how she runs the class. The reading questions are literally the only study guide you need for the tests. If you do them before every class, participation will be a breeze. The worst part of this class is the readings. There are a lot of readings and they take a lot of time, especially if you\'re new to gov classes. There is a lot of academic jargon that is hard to follow for the readings in the first half of the term. If you put your head down and do them, you will do well. Don\'t let this be a reason not to take the class though. All the readings are incredibly interesting and you will learn how to analyze state behavior in the international system This course was my first government course at Dartmouth and I could not have chosen a better one! I had been hesitant to take classes in the gov department but prof. Powers is wonderful and I thuroughly enjoyed my time in her class! As the term came to an end I immediately looked to see what classes she was scheduled to teach in the future! The class, as expected, is reading heavy but it is very manageable with other non reading heavy classes. The first half of the class established a strong foundation of basic government ideas/theories/terms for someone new to the gov department and then we applied these ideas in the second half of the class to real world events. We had two tests which were completely fair if you answer the guiding questions for the reading and take minimal notes in class. Lastly, we had a final essay about any topic you wanted which is both exciting and overwhelming at the same time. Overall, would 10/10 recommend! A traditional workload with a passionate and approachable prof in a comfortable environment You\'ve probably gotten from the other reviews that Stevie G is a great prof. I wholeheartedly agree. He is a great lecturer and structures his course really well. Took it as a whim and I now I\'m planning on taking more gov because it was so interesting. The readings take a fair bit of time, and doing them is very important for the tests, so be aware of that. This probably isn\'t a class you should miss lecture in often or skip readings. Great class, would recommend